i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
who is your favorite tv mom?
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
I'll go without before i beg for something...
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
hahah! It's a heart!
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
webinar overload day, 's #ContentDisco is up next
yeah and ain't missed nothing smh
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!40
wow full house theme song used in sarah silverman program
I don't think the Browns provided Colt McCoy enough talent around him to get a fair evaluation of his talent moving forward
Oh I've broken so much crap today. This design I'm working on is going nowhere fast.
Do they still make great pizza?
126 square blocks
I am so stoked for #TheVoiceFinale tonight! Tony Lucca is from my hometown buut I gotta goo al the waay. :)
Not the ideal day to think solar but still State #incentives kick-start Bellingham #solar panel company | BBJ Today
like the new picture! it's meat boy. er something.
did you follow ?
My room is so messy atm it disgusts me. Cleaning it now. Oh and it's raining again so now I can't go running... :(
#smbmad #uwsocial see - there are lots of similarities between burgers and higher learning
Was pleasantly surprised by Death Race 2...But who the fuck brings grenades to a bank robbery? Thats just asking for something bad to happen
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Well Consensus fades hit again and now at 18-7-1 last 26 after the Heat consensus goes down. and all FREE
My Mom's doing well-struggling a bit since the operation. It's been tough. Thanks for asking! It's hard for me to talk about.
RT : Don't forget that the first payment of estimated taxes is due on April 17th.
I missed having a phone and the internets
Shopping early tonight (prob Mozart's) at 6. Break for dinner at some point but trying to work till 12ish
you're street fruit.
Love when Dallas loses! I wonder if that kicker has a job tomorrow??
ahaha well then thanks (:
Omg I need a mini lap giraffe so bad!!!! He
Wait, Butler lost to Indiana? I guess their season's over.
Big black nigga all that huffing & puffing
running errands be there shortly
ADDY Awards tonight...plus giving scholarships to 5 deserving students...and something from our young advertising professionals
In 10 years, FIU will be ahead of The U in all facets: Athletics, Med School & Law School. Power of the people. Retweet if you believe...
Be a friend to yourself, and others will be so too Thomas Fuller
I could care less about Klout, but um...thanks? :-)
Thanks for RT, hope you are well :) xx
Council is getting multiple reproduced emails concerning Memorial hospital. Does anyone know where they are originating from?
DS: keep your head up Jimmy
I'm sick of dis teacher
Tank even if we can make playoffs RT : New on OregonLive: Trail Blazers: Is it time to "tank" or are the playoffs still in play?
Speakers include Jack O<U+2019>Connell (former SSPI), Susanna Cooper (Pro Tem<U+2019>s office), Rick Simpson (Speaker<U+2019>s office) & Mark Baldassare (PPIC)
First show for this marching season later today:)
its the playoffs, a lot of people played banged up. Forgot Noah was out too. They're done. Only excuse is D. Rose going down.
Country Pandora <3
And we're BACK! Getting ready to record the #MashCast with , & Yes, we'll talk
RT : Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
As a student, I speak for many when I say that I am disappointed in the lack of communication to the students about this.
morning....good day!
we're so excited for you to get done and settled in!!
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same
it was acutally thru the Brighton Store. They called back the next day but still didn't have an answer yet. 2012 Focus 17" rims.
#RememberHow we asked our mothers for advice instead of google?
Apple demos iBooks2 with a biology textbook and lot of interactive features at the Education announcement.
<U+201C>: Tell me, princess, now when did you last let your heart decide? <U+2013>Aladdin<U+201D>
I miss you too:( 2 months* So how's your summer?:)
Families are like fudge... mostly sweet with a few nuts. ~Author Unknown
Welcome to the dark side.
Don't forget to find us on Facebook and LinkedIn! You don't want to miss out on any of the opportunities!
Raftering, for certain.
Sup babe!! Wuz hood? U still n Tampa?
CM Punk vs Chris Brown hm. Beat his ass Punk he deserves it!
yes i am
RT : I like to celebrate the Ides of March by stabbing a Caesar salad to death. RT
what is your facebook page?????
Now militant teachers threaten to boycott Ofsted inspections in push to ... - Daily Mail
<U+201C>: here's to the kids who are too awkward to function.<U+201D> hahaha
you should make a music video for 11:11
klout is a place to find people who are actively engaged in a topic and to compare yourself...
1reason facebook sucxs is becuz of all the reasons ur acount can get disabled. Its very annoying getting ur account disabled Needs 2 b fixed
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
ever thought of filming in puerto rico?
When you have an opportunity to watch Kindergarten Cop you take it.
Gimme a time bb!
it's not an overreaction if there's a note. Or three.
Updated me bio. (Yes, I know I said "me") Lol.
I believe mini m&m's have a better chocolate to hard shell ratio.
On the way to games I stop at QT at 157 & hwy10 and buy them. Saturday they didn't have my flavor. So I didn't have seeds.
you read this somewherere?
just like tennis if you serve well you will seldom lose in life... #NoKidHungry needs your service. serve the
Usually when I say "Ugh what is this?" the answer is "Muse". Just not my thing.
10 Miles!!! Thanks for the good luck wishes :)
Shout out to all our new followers! Send us a tweet, and we'll follow you back! Be sure to check us out on Facebook if you haven't already!
why is it always when I'm not working celebrities come into veggie grill?
Rip Hamilton wears so many accessories I don't see how moves when he's on the floor.
everytime I step in that class in get a headache.
I can't give away your costume! I can't wait to put you into a costume contest this year :)
been done. Austin Powers.
what should I do to get a follow from you? ;))* huh... :D I can do anything<3
sleeping with my mommy tonight :)
Just found out I'm #6 on the Country Chart for Wausau, Wisconsin! Woo!
Hanging out at craft-commerce getting our drink on. Claimed a large table #mw2012 come join us!
I'm just trying to get u me and tommy together atleast so we can get a practice in I was gonna see if we could jam at ur place..
I won't. I'm having Siri remind me. She is a huge Eva fan she told me.
posted lost dog on Facebook! Heard she was found?
At the Bikers For Christ Biker Weekend at Lincoln High football field. Come tomorrow and win a new Harley.
lol if only!
congrats on the win!
#NeverShouldYouEver take advantage of someone when they're most vulnerable.
the enemy might well have gotten a hold of good God gift & made it into something bad & ugly - rebuke the devil openly & live in love.
HARRY!!!! Don't be mean ;)........ Lol but Savan and donkey look similar!!!!
awesome email me whenever :0)
hahha I heard it did that! That's ridic!
Investors approve new board at scandal-hit Olympus
Weird....don't know why I'm so lethargic today. I should keep busy, but I think I going to sleep first. > - < z
ATL folks, come to the BC Alumni Association's Third Thurday Happy Hour
no there not it saying on facebook a list of like place to stay in anaheim california
also on the #entrepreneurship panel with is and melissa honohan, founder of momentum strategies.
black friday shopping done. happy to be home got lots of great deals and even got a new Bikini.
Crawford with 29 saves. Smith with 33 saves. Bickell leading in penalty minutes. Keith TOI leader.
Are you guys still accepting audition tapes? : What else do you want? via THE CANYONS written by BRET EASTON ELLIS
Brad Ziegler, Todd Heap, Braylon Edwards (?), Paul Goldschmidt ~ it's a great day to be a #Zonie!
Good Luck
yeah, Henderson win that fight !
Does #Karmin realize that randomly adding "cheerio" out of context completely ruins a pop song I would normally enjoy?
happy thoughts and pixie dust headed your way!
Cal said it, not me. Quit hating/being really jealous
With GB out, I'm looking for a NE/NYG rematch. Gonna be good games today!
Great results for the #Packers & #blues yesterday
i'm so sorry. i can't relate at all. but i'm just sorry you're hurt bc of it. =( *big squeezy hug*
Oh yeah
I really need for #lifeclass to NOT have technical difficulties!!
Wasn't exactly a hit in 2011, either. RT : 40 degrees and raining didnt help either.
Just finished my 1st semester of grad school, past everything-I think I did very well-have to wait for grades.
Ha! Love this. RT : time to be painted with high heat copper paint?
That's how I work too...:)
I feel like if im applying to jobs in social media I should be able to put my Klout score and Foursquare mayorships on my resume.
Flirting is fun, untill you get tounge tied around the one you want.
Nice! I am staying busy and it sounds like you are too!
ur not funny!
Thrilled to have FULL PAGE article on Over 40 Females - thank-you for your support!
I mean licensines that wouldn't matter
I don't care what ur mom says, you are not special and/or unique. You are just like every other glitter wearing, gaga listening faggot here
Live your dreams. Never wake up!
We don't have an exact date yet, but we're thinking May!
RT - -New England Patriots all day baby!- :)
Follow and because they're spreading the good word.
Any experts on using WP_OSC plugin to integrate OS Commerce into Wordpress blog? I could use some help.
Ibarguen Miami defies corporate control. Debate constant, discover different points of view: prepare to let go!
Noice!!! Did you like the Vipe?
Ok thanks
follow me on twitter I need more followers
Today is Wythe-fest in my conference room while 1862 occupies the streets of across the way.
awww next time!
I can only barely skim on iPhone, at meeting... What I saw was shocking and sad! Will read the whole article later on big screen
Caps gear lower prices... Is this insider trading on beer prices?
I have never seen a man climb out of a trash can so quickly...
Two blonds are sitting on a bench. One says "Which is closer? Florida or the moon?" other replies The moon, You can't see Florida from here!
Hope U tweets R enjoying the weekend. Heads up. We're almost booked for next week. So give us a ring Monday if you're trying to get in :)
hope #titans r watching. This is what a team with heart does. #texans have no chance at playoffs but play like they do.
"Be the change you wish to see in the world." You know #Gandhi, I think I will take you up on that.
thank you!!
Where did yhu go
We think you're great too!
Jesus had some water and 6 large jars... Altered an entire wedding party & proved God's miraculous nature!
Right... but it's a joke. Pointing about the absurdity of looking to the Bible make the point that God doesn't approve.
Champagne is cliche... Milk is Indy!
and he prob will for first 400 people, we need to get in the first 400!:)xx
It says it's still being processed :(
Gonna remove my twitter link from Facebook tomorrow. Confusing
it's gonna be insane tomorrow! I have new bombs just got from Europe to play ;)
Lord FatherSonSpirit God, I want you to have all of me always. Just have me as a tool in your hand or on your shelf.
Book orders from the suggestion box today. Lots of good ideas. Makes me sad when suggestion is a book we ALREADY own.
Thanks! :) It did. We made etons oof eye contact but it didn't mean anything.
You're welcome, Roxie!
Poor purple piano!! Yeah say that 7 times fast.
hey thanks I'll follow them thanks to you
Thinks I should have rowed to work!
Ok guys. My twitter hiatus starts now....
I wish I was British. British accents are attractive. ;D
Officially going to record 2nd project in Apr at Sharkbite Studios *LIKE*
Are there movies other than the avengers?
So. Castle tonight. There was shaking. And crying.
Presenters & chairs: don't forget you can add handouts/materials to your #alamw12 session by posting a comment to it w/an attachment!
Holy Grail of intelligence, is to know what's going to happen before it happens.
Geiger Counter-Wielding Fukushima Hipsters Make Monitoring Nuclear Fallout Cool - Gawker
Just left prime; now steak and shake with the girls <3
BWPkwy CLOSED NORTHBOUND after MD-197 due to an accident
Had an amazing workout today.
SO shady. Google removed the "Google Wage" email from my Gmail inbox.
Had a good time at the Aug. 11 meet up in Royal Oak, MI. Got to talk to students & grads from 3 different library schools!
Dear First Day Of Summer, Thank you for behaving appropriately. XO, Bimbos
sweet!!!! I'm gonna stock up for Relay for Life this weekend.
It appears I've been hacked, sorry! My daughter tells me I've been talking about a miraculous weight loss. Too bad it isn't true...
um punch the movie for making you cry ^^;
God say its gone be days like this but DAMN I aint know it was gone be like this....
hahaha maybe :P lol hm I have to google this now :P
Im SO in ~~~~> RT : Haters and Cansecomaniacs. Let's do history. Please write me in MLB all star ballot.
Dont miss mall of america! Best shopping.
awwee :( You shouldve told her I've been sick :(
pretty sure that is everywhere :)
You need a back rub or something, sugar? *lights candles and incense*
heath tryna make the all star game hahaha
thanks for your input! I hate for her to not get the sale after all the help she gave me!
you should always be hard on yourself :P
The #Right2Heal Tour will be at 401 Van Ness ave #SF, inside the Veterans War Memorial Building. Room 207
You can't fuck her personality.
if justin was your boyfriend, he would never let you go. i'm his belieber and i will never let him go.
good day just to stay in bed!
suck a toe
Why am I rooting for the #Celtics?
I'm heading Emory-way on Friday. Coffee if you're around?
Lady Gaga...I bet Blake Shelton is loving sitting next to her.
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly.
Nope. I think that its a question of priorities and some residents have raised this issue several times.
I have girl scout cookies, you can put them on his desk too.
Thank you for the 75th Anniversary wishes. Looking forward to the next 75!
Looking for a professional photographer in the Duluth, Mn area. Any have a recommendation?
We are currently briefing the panelists for the IAP photography panel. We will begin the panel in 15 minutes.
It's ironic that on the day I donate blood, my AP bio homework is on heart functions and blood..
Hey Pam. Still looking for comedy reels?
I'm exhausted .
You are welcome! It's good to connect! Hope you are having a great day!
you have the best damn chicken wings ever. we like to take them to the drive in.
It's a #meatloaf kind of night.
Good job Bucky! It's up to MU now!
Ron Paul is trending!
Who's excited for fantasy NCAA basketball? Coming soon, but I guess we can settle for NCAA football for now...
#BestMemoryOf2011 was the time I and fun I got to have with
- FINALLY got to seeing the live 30Rock shows. loved'em! can we see more Joey Montero please? that was the best ;)
That was the best Mad Men commercial ever!
Thank you, lady!!
Two years ago I was building a widget. Now I'm doing that once again.
Getting ready to eat some steak potatoes and salad can't wait finish watching my movie then to bed I go
Initial surveys back from Post-Doc seminar we taught show Dreamweaver higher than Web apps. Greater ability to customize maybe why?
exactly how i am feeling today, just want to be at the yard
That work out tonight tho was much needed
I wanted to be a comedian everyone laughed I just gave up
I had 15 people against me and two on my side. You know how that feels.
Thanks for the RT!! :)
RT : Please, please I hope you are designing a special badge for the by on Oct 30, National Mall, DC!
sometimes I like to walk by the sea ... it relaxes me ... ;)
that dude looks like he could make a diamond in that fist, what are you putting in the coffee there?
When someone has a nickname, calling them by their real name doesn't sound right.
Turning off my phone and getting ready for take off. The flight attendent just saw me twittering lol. On my way home
Thanks Fellas! We will definitely be representing the SJ music scene!
Come on ravens!!
I miss you and will talk soon I need to come see u
S/O to all of our
them war wounded chicks go jump every new chick who enter the club lol ...
for sure but at least arse and chelsea drew this weekend...
Hehe got to charge my phone (:
"the safeway select Justin Timberlake" dude's rap bio just made him instantly endearing
Gotta hate this feeling
We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And the closing quote gave me chills!
Someone play me on words with friends or something... Oh my gosh I'm bored.
The firemountain catalog is the one I just got - it's like a thousand pages of temptation :-)
INDIANA!!! who Needs Tickets?!
Think I'm going to add a POE injector this time. Hasn't been an issue yet but I can certainly justify it all the same
Fresh fitted tonight
Ron Roy, Rob Paul, Ron Paul. Know the difference!
yes sir and they are in postseason form
Things I wish somebody reminded me of in grad school: your membership fees go way up when you land a job!
What? Sheriffs?
Bases Juiced!
Thanks for following me!
go to bed!
I'm not sick. I feel perfectly fine.
Lookin for Boone Pickens @ the #BedlamBaseball game. Gonna ask him if I can tie my wiener shaped banner to his G6.
I think the most important quality needed to become a successful entrepreneur is self-discipline. You need it in every aspect of your life.
Lmao this boy walking down the hallway saying my mans boner was higher than his ACT lmao!!!
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
Now they're making crap up.
I don't like running in the rain.
saw Black Death at the burton last night; readying my #beakdoctorcostume for Halloween
lol is this a convo we need to have on twitter lol
Solid night of deck making, burrito eating, and dog walking. Nice work
It's only Monday...
mid-googling 4 "is the better part of", autofill recommends "is the better part of valor". love it.
Okk I will give the heats sum props for winning but why everybody shittin on the knicks tho...
you def down for rancid??
YeY!! I wonder where we would get a IM5 top..... Probably have to get a pic of them printed on it!! :D
you cute
will do if computer co-operates! Most showers will taper near noon Friday..should be a dry break til near 8pm
Durant is that man
One-eyed Mike's with , germano, Fred Nachbaur and Where is ?
S/O to Kyrie Irving
Wats good ms
Clippers win. Now off to spend the day with my wonderful mom for mothers day! -
Visited Multnomah Central branch today. Amazing children's area
as a kid, i cant really remember a time when i didn't wanna be in love. now i'm scared of how much of myself i can give up in a relationship
I Was Talking Bout In My LT
will do! lol I have one too many events this summer that I need to look good for :)
All packed up. Ready for day 1 of moving tomorrow. It's been a fun run at #clubWAL with now onto the next crib.
The one you want is usually the one you can't have!
Never been so excited watching Devils hockey than in that 1st period. I fist-pumped on the Elias goal. Zubrus absolutely FLYING.
I know the next O's jersey I'm getting. Ed Reed.
Sometimes<U+FF0C>it's not what you say that matters<U+FF0C>it's what you don't<U+FF0E>
RT if yall think one on one is cool follow me I follow back.
A fantastic day of #acting coaching. Test deals and bookings!
There are two reasons I don't take naps. 1. I don't fall asleep well. 2. I don't wake up well.
Just downloaded #minecraft thru #xboxlive let's see what the hype is all about this game... #fail or #epic we shall see????
lol! He ate better than me!
bitchy mood ? Yes.
"Money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock"
Work 2morrow but I'm thinking bout my birthday (which is in November) & wat to do. Any suggestions?
casey anthony
i'm more concerned with all time low's 6th anniversary of being signed than some stupid commercial hallmark holiday
You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. Lucille Ball
They say the best things in life r free....
The Beach w/ Leonardo Dicaprio - minus the drama, that place was gorgeous!
Scrubbed transcripts = too little too late. He needs to own his assholery, throw himself on his sword.
#caps, playoffs.
haha dude! im just awesome like tht xP
i remember this dude from way back at Mount Comfort
Recently a customer requested Black Tea w/ Rose Petals. heard you and has whipped up a batch of limited edition here....
everyone must follow ! Her tweets are amazing.! I love them.!(:
lol I know that was crazy ! Lmao good shit!
Exactly! They are a total no-no otherwise.
I always invite you! You just ignore me!!! Jerk.
people in the #LosAngleles #Fresno #SanDiego #LasVegas and #SanDiego areas, hit us up to help book our tour with
way off the target..
Cyrus Hardingdescended deeper, throwing the light of his lantern on all sides
Bored as fuckkkkk someone come smoke one lol
Did UK not watch kU film? The Cats have to get into their offense & finish at the line! The chickenhawks cannot win this...
Dennis Martin~ Its the Brady Act taking manpower and crime-fighting capability off the streets.
Hi Doak! we started off the New Year in a new place in No. Hollywood! Rebelkins gets to live here too! huggz and have a great 2012!
If the Celtics get 40 turnovers every body in the crowd gets a free oil change. Holy crap hold onto the ball!
what if it rains every day of co-captians ?
Happy valentines day to all
RT RT : I asked him, "Who said you could fool around with my wife?" He said, "Everybody."
Seriously.. Who doesn't have "anxiety problems" these days. -_-
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe all these cellphone talkers who try to drive. Either talk on the phone or drive. YOU CAN"T DO BOTH. SMDH
ugh, I know :c everytime a hawaii iconiac askes them, they're all like "i want to." & stuff like that :p
is so gonna win today ! Woo ! #stoked . Goodluck ! :)
I'm just glad my depression has been very controlled lately
Reading The Stranger's Child by Alan Hollinghurst: the language crept up on us and now will not let us go!
I wish I had some sort of motivation to actually do something with my life
Greetings Portlanders -- come & get your best deals on everything from your neighborhood vendors! 7916 SE Foster 11-7 Weds-Sat, 11-5 Sundays
you two girls, are crazy.
We are so proud of the ladies from Hollins U for not giving up.
Bring in the end of the bench! This is what you call a ROUTE!!! #GORANGERS!!!
I Was Not Hype To Turn 16. Haha!!
John, we nd ur support. This campaign empowers parenting teens 2 continue their education & make safer decisions. Pls share.
so is Justin Bieber the father of the baby cause they never said if he was after the test he took to prove he was the father.... um :-\
I have been voting all day!
Perfect weather for #Christmas shopping in #NYC !
your night looks like an 8th grader that's been left alone for a few hours. I'm jealous.
Time is running out for the April Teaching Carnival on Do you have something to include? Tweet asap. (Pls RT)
Real time vital monitoring will change our healthcare Topol
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Eyes of any color
- even w/out bounty program it will & always happen.
Wait, not free, but still an RDA webinar. Sorry
follow me soulja, U THE BEST ALIVE no doubt. we love you
Damn Austin! You don't know what you missed
That's what I hoped, and can't disagree. Great book, though, and continue to love your bubbly recs. :) Cheers.
2 thumbs up if you think the Bears are making the play-offs.
Good things come to people who work their asses off and never give up.
same. Let's go and drink and be merry.
Yes! #Giants win! I have no fingernails left, but it was worth it.
yeah that's a tough itinerary. I'm glad you could make the trek.
My nephew just ran out trying to scare me and locked himself out the house lmao
thanks fool T>T>
come in to BDW today! and get a green chile cheese dog combo for $5.99. Just say you saw it on FB...
I love that I have the option to "blacklist" someone in my text message application
Can u please follow
Finally going home after a great trip to D.C. and NYC. Posts to follow!
Goodnight Andrew!(: <3 Have a good sleep.. ^__^
I'm so ugly, I freakin' hate it.
Thanks! I'm curious which ones you voted for.
Im pretty sure i used to see one on campus between classes all the time a couple of semesters ago!!! lol
<3 that show
she can stay at my house.. I'll clean the dog cages just for her company. <U+0001F60F>
Don't kill yourself. We don't wanna loose another monster in the family. I wrote in your ask box on tumblr and now I'm..
Am I supposed to be impressed? q:
a travesty. What is the world coming to... *sigh*
At the track meet . Chrissy is doin' god ! #TeamCRICKET !
Off to Orlando, FL today preparing for the Early Stage Florida Venture Forum tomorrow. Big day for PicksLeague!!!
no it's cute! lol just don't tell him because he might think you are (: haha
share your experience about how you shared an armrest w/ a fat person.
Just missed it
>>>Thank you very much!
When ppl "SAY" they go do something I tend not to believe then cuz
<U+0001F4AF> keeping it that way
Hey! .. I doubt you will see this
Hi Justin, noticed your tweet, would love to hear where we are going wrong.
reading issackson's book on steve jobs - fantastic read!
get your big booty up and look for a job or i will personally be upset with kykoku you
"You can not always control circumstances, but you can control your own thoughts." - Charles Popplestown
this one's closed to public. Auditioning a new chef.
you mean you wish you could ujabuja mental pictures! :)
PerkinElmer Introduces Breakthrough AxION<U+00AE> Direct Sample Analysis TM (DSA) System for Mass Spectrometry Sample ...
That person is sick.
Seems like we should just form a hashtag #gorogue for all the #pubmedia innovators.
dreams as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
What grade and subject do you teach?
How do April showers make you feel? -PT
Finished proving my ninja skills to the marching band
um of course!
The total gym radio commercial is encouraging me to dial and drive for a 5 minute special offer.
"I am just a worthless liar, I am just a imbecile. I will only complicate you." From the song, "Sober" by TOOL.
The awkward moment of being in love with someone & they belong to someone else
I hate being sunburt! It sucks!
Seriously so sick right now
i this the one who also dumpster dives regularly?
I'm havin fish tonight!
Had a meeting for future commercial endorsements this morning. That went wonderful =) #Young Business Woman
Karachi is next!!!
": Fuck u looking like the love child of suge knight n some dirty whore from compton"
#prettyprogressive is a community show so we welcome your feedback! "It's not any of our fault but ALL of our problems" -
Apple Jacks or Fruit Loopz. Lol decisions decisions.
simmer down lol
why u wear those thick frames bro its not cool ya look like a tool
"I TOLD HER SHE SHOULD COME AND ROLL WIT K.I.D"
(In lil Wayne voice) Oh my God Becky look at her butt !!
God's grace is eternal and His promises are unambiguous. So count your blessings, not your hardships.
RT: You can send all beats to you got that bangger that he need <==Thanks Fam Check DM
RT RT : "Give your best to each moment." David Adams of
Please follow back:))?
as long as u got the love girl!!!;)
I know hunter save us from mark fuckerberg and send us the app
RT : Tweets! We dance 5th tomorrow. Vote Vote Vote
Okay ur a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?
Leff: "The environment is The Other of economic rationality."
what was UK's record in 1952-53 ?
is ushering in Web 3.0 at
Wait, facebook.com isn't a porn site?.
Dr.Spivak's public #beekeeping classes are hugely popular (:
Really don't care anymore
US immigration has less answers than the dmv! But.....at least they are pleasant. !
I see your boy Trent going to Cleveland...
got you
What a blessing you are to so many.
you are so incredibly beautiful Cherl please follow me :)
Confirmation bias=new H1N1. affects cons & dems.Unlike H1N1'fear is very real, no antidote or awareness.
Now that A&M is leaving the Big 12 after this season, do you really think we'll keep that game every season?
I feel like joaning
I wish we still had that
My bad: I said ALI was funded by IMLS, which is incorrect. It is funded by NHPRC.
Incredible group of people at #GrowthTrack last night. Leaders, leaders, and more leaders!
Our expectations ARE incredibly high!
The Dish says rumor has it that TWO new SweetFrogs are opening in town. Exciting!
RT <U+201C> S/o to this nigga lol he gettin on the dance floor<U+201D>
let's get together this week to record an episode for our new podcast.
<U+201C>: I cant deny the spurs<U+201D> ~ that's my girl!
Getting our grub on at Trader Vics with Stacy.
Whatever keeps the drinks flowing right? LOL
Thanks for the follow. Love your website too.
Disaster Greg tells me that Sonny Bono likes to pick up hitchhikers and beat them with China
My friend is 4 followers away from 2,000, please help her out by following her, she will follow you back!:)
dope as fuck! Is that you spittin?
Just sent you tracking via DM. Says it was delivered 4/11. Let me know if not.
After many eons of time, the Gods at last looked upon those curious humans tampering with the forests and gardens of the world
Women,Weed,Weather
very nice. Can you please email me?
thanks for the Friday Follow!
dude. so I'm walking to the bus stop, & my brother yells out the door that there's a two-hour delay. forrrrreal?
press it!
All checked in and working on the first #SXSW task of the day: Food!
It must've been love, but it's over now.
Things are still rather hectic and crazy busy for me Paul. Hope everything is well with you sweetie. Thanks for your support! XO
At the 43rd District Democrats listening to a panel on a proposed ordinance about felons' access to rental housing
#Top100Lies "That was my last piece of gum"
Majority of actors have PASSION for the acting, but they need DIRECTION to get to use that passion in the industry.
Why would most of #TeamMindless get mad because the girl Twerked on Him-_- wow! I would of did it to, I mean Prod? ;)
Welcome to the twitter We're happy to see you.
depends on who you ask
Thank you, ugly, loud, ticking Staples clock for audibly reminding me every second that I am still at work
thanks you too
RT : your a may baby too??? Awesome! Mines the 19th! How old u be
good I made cupcakes
RT If You KNOW Ur Gettin Justin Bieber's Someday Perfume Tmr!!! I AM!!!! (;
#TRILLMATIC In A Few Minutes..rt
Los Angeles, CA -Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 600 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Awesome. Kudos on your win and for being a good dad, too. Thanks for the response.
Where in heck is Obama's plan? This guy is a great speaker, but a lousy leader.
Eat get fat
ur mi beautiful queen ^__^ i love u
everyone should watch kailey's new cover. My boo did an amazing job and loved the song choice, obviously <3
DBU Music Alumni--Come tonight at 7PM to Pilgrim Chapel to hear the Chorale lead us in worship at their Spring Concert!
I love you picture!!
I hate existential crises that pop up in the middle of the work day.
that seems weird. a bug perhaps? I can't see any reason for them to do that.
Way to go Wings. Keep that forecheck.
Read in
no. But they need to get back to sac state.
Settling down to watch The Voice. , you carry this show and steal it often. But we can always rely on your honesty!
What do you mean we run another gaming community website that has a pretty big To Do list? :-p Next for a touch-up
Well here we go. is following you again ;)
pretty sweet!!
Hello World!!!
To the 9yo lad who looked me in the eye to tell me why he likes my daughter: "She has a cool dad, & she's nice to me." Well done, young bro.
help us Lord! I have my music on and can't even groove like I usually do lol
oooooohhh..... very good to know. All I have is Red Bull and well, it's gross....
aww never feel awkward to say hi to me! I'm like the weirdest person ever myself, haha
Anxious to get great blogging tips from at
ect* Physical copies will also be available online for purchase (:
Tired, awesome fun with the amazing team on
Tiger considers following Kevin Na in advertising a namesake element on his shirt,but he cant decide if Argon or Radon is the better hot gas
Can't make it through this game.. Work early . Hawks game tomorrow need to b awkae for :-)
Or pitino in an italian restaurant! RT : errbooddy know im comming soon like lebrons ring
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ The successful people are the ones that can think up stuff for the rest of the world to keep busy at.
no longer passes the Turing Test.
In 2008, 35.2 million people changed residences in the U.S. within the past year, the smallest number of residents to move since 1962.
Samplers at Asheville and green man brewing
Thank YOU Kimberly! You are awesome!!!
For people like you there is no such thing as an early grave.You wanted to gut my dreams till I was empty,and show everyone my remains.
Osu/Duke tonight!
I wonder what our combined dues will be? Will it be called Sagtra or Aftag?
lol ight i been makin plenty! Who be doing yo mixtape cover?
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool why am I HERE!? lol
About to eat at a place I haven't had in over 3 years (at least) because I just got the worst craving I've ever had.
I like Ike!
So #Thundercats comes back Fri. Reimagined. Watched a classic ep recently. Ouch. Does NOT hold up. Should I even bother w/ the new one?
So I've always found Joe to be sexy, & enjoyed his intellect greatly... But his hot body makes me want him so badly. Damn hot, straight guys
nope - use my Canon EOS Rebel hand held....
oh, hopefully the tweet noise doesn't bring in stray cats !!!!!!!! Hehe
"Unlimited Monthly" is now called PREMIUM. Thanks for pointing this out.
Can you invoice one and not the other? Wouldn't that be like a donation unless you let it slide all around?
sarcasm right? hahah
Ugh. Double ugh.
That's cool! Love the shaving cream effect.
Another brand built to perfection by Joseph & Vanderpool...
Should have been doing homework. Caught up on The Pacific. Wow.Will have to read deep into the nite...but Wow.
GOP shuts down first amendment rights (no signs in galleries) but allows guns in the Capitol.
I hear that Belichick might need to talk Draft and even #Bruins playoffs tonight on hm
I'm about to drift off into a food coma
Happy to do it! RT : thanks so much for your (double) keynote addresses!
There are no strong drinks, just weak men.
drawings are held during the Sugar Bowl
is my causing with you
just got tn test data back for memphis city schools 56 pcnt of teachers' students are making less progress on tests. Failure?
I may have put too much cheese on my chili. SIKE! Not possible.
Im panama wasted......
#ThingsIReallyCantStand stuck up rich people.
no i was talking about the media hate. lol.
The certifications indicate that the product was made/grown in a sustainable way.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Thanks Ben! I appreciate your support! :)
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections. Saint Francis de Sales
Morning!! -_- Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
I had a moment of creativity...
3 career 5-hit games is pretty legit too.
shoulders stiff...now I have to do something about it. Uggh. Turning in.
I'm just trying to live life to the fullest and #FollowMyDreams til the day I day. Shout out to all my peoples here in #Detroit doin it big.
Damn this new track is a banger!
I can put in a 5 hour shift at the library and still look like a huge pussy compared to
": God is basic Fact. He must not be thought of as a featureless generality. He is the most concrete thing there is."
It's a different between Hood and Evil.
People STILL be sending those shits!?
Yay! We'll be flying in next week! :)
ya girll... im doing the activites now. ugh
"I close my eyes but I can see questions circling. How do I realize the dreams you sparked in me?"
I hear you lol! It's just the way weekends are made of
I wish someday that it would be possible to claim all of the student loan interest and not just 2500$ cap on the federal form!
You can't feel good about yourself when your making someone else feel bad. (life class with OWN last night!)
Thx & Happy Hump Day to u too!!
I'm quickly realizing there is a thing as "too much coffee" - don't mind me, just can't stop shaking & having minor heart palpitations
at least you wont get tasered if you mix bacon and cobbler.
my bro gets in from nicaragua tonight! can't wait to see him. and neither can the pups.
My wife is laughing her ass off at a video of horse dressage (dancing). This is why we get along so well.
What are you behind on, maybe I can fill you in
Restrooms available RT : Going to hear Nathan Englander and Etgar Keret speak at #DCJCC, may pee myself from excitement
Text from the President: "John Travolta is here....very...VERY excited about my announcement on gay marriage....VERY...excited..."
who's the culprit LIRR or NJT
If uses 'gamechanger' in reference to any more of his tweets, he is disqualified.
. How many innocents have been put to death? BAN THE DEATH PENALTY! The system is NOT perfect!
Camp Pendleton Marine's home searched and wife questioned in dissappearance of Fallbrook woman.
I must say.....Peyton Manning is a CLASS ACT!
Those are considered "nice" things?
Good morning! ^-^
hey I sent you an awesome bootleg of "Dynasty" on SoundCloud! Hope you will spin it!
Ooh, tell her congrats. Did her mexican friend become a statistic and get pregnant?
If I was da heart of some of these ppl I would kick 1 of ur lungs everytime u didn't follow my lead bc I'm that part of u that knows God lol
do I really want to listen to all 24 CDs of Arguably by Christopher Hitchens? maybe someone can tell me which disks are best?
As Vonnegut said of book indexes in Cat's Cradle. Which reminds me - Ice 9 is the Web.
lol i just tweeted this to
Nurieza, and Araceli. Love your photos on your facebook. Thanks for liking Booksicals! Happy and Healthy New Year!
Why isn't the #indians game on tv today???
PAHAHA...TWITTER...Y U NO HELP ME STUDY?!
If I am this tired moving at 35, I must make this my forever home!
follow me !! (: i follow too
And another happy birthday to Des Roar drummer/vocalist Lyla Vander - We don't wanna do you harm, we just wanna burn your name in our arm.
Post purchase "likes" drive 20% more ticket sales -
#Sony finally restoring service, #PSN users must upgrade firmware and reset passwords!
#Greatfood is like great sex, the more you have the more you want
Mwah thanks! You pitched in with that envelope tutorial, too. :)
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Norfolk State just beat Missouri 86-84 in the NCAA Tournament. Congrats to the MEAC and all HBCU's
During college, I waited tables at Mellow Yellow + learned how to talk to all sorts of patrons. Owner Ken Pelletier any relation?
American horror story is such a cool, confusing, intriguing, scary show and I love it
Good luck !!
Pre-sale link for Saratoga is not working on Brandi's website.
awll thank you! (:
Thanks for the blog plug!
No I don't make beats lol
today was a good day
it will happen one day
wat y'all looking at
There is something so beautiful about the idea of giving.
I need a suga daddy!! No sex involved!
Riding through Mandeville and thought of you It's so clean, has THE freshest air and beautiful homes.
Off to make my brother a sandwich :p
#Baller well congrats !
Ed and Taylor's song is gonna be perfection omg
Between that and something bad I ate earlier in the day, it was not a good evening for me.
oooooohhhh now what happened with im???
yes, I'm doing ok. Baby is doing great. How is brandon? Did I got his name right?
RT : The 9 to 5 Cure - great read for anyone committed to creating a flexible work/life.
Take time out of your day to thank God for all that you have
Iron Steakhouse in Land Park. Much improved and very good.
Just got tickets for Shecky's...yay
Every time I pass a hot guy on campus, I wanna say "I don't normally dress like a bum" but then I realize that I DO always wear yoga pants.
northern lights.
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 2. There are no "dumb" questions, but many mistakes are made by not asking a question.
and The Dowager Countess is appalled that she missed out on an evening of debauchery.
Yep. Needs 2 be door to ur house..come on in RT : A4: "Fans aren't valuable if they only engage w/you one time"
I know bro..
Broke people make me sick.
should eat NY Style Pizza more often because that was without a doubt her best performance ever tonight:)
"Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted."-Matthew 5:4
And now I'm done whining about church. Soon there will be basketball to critique. And my hoards of followers can't wait.
Looks like it's pizza for lunch today! Thanks guys!
Happy birthday to ! It's your day bro
Am I dreaning?
Sometimes you say, "Oh, I didn't get much accomplished today." I'm out to one-up that. I'm going to less than has ever been done before.
Weed Leaf THC - Bright Hippie style Cannabis leaf THC t-shirt design
my pleasure. thx 4 inspiring me!
Leaving Kalamazoo behind today after a great time and a Rykse's Cinnamon roll
Getting ready for the best night on tv #TheKilling & #MadMen. Have 2 dvr #NurseJackie & #TheBigC Y can't they spread the wealth?
The moment when someone jokes about one of your insecurities and you have to act like it didn't bother you.
MAD, MAD PROPS to who built and designed our site. It looks awesome and is functioning flawlessly. WELL DONE.
so how many tweets are you getting about your penis right now
eagles are dog shit
Call our informative sales staff today at (888) 378-5237, or come and visit us in person at 5700 S 27th Street.
they do when they go against Sonia Gandhi.
RT : People hate on happiness, period.<U+201D>
And anything is better than Tebow.
You know the feeling when you really wanna say to someone.... And then the relief when you actually do it
Off to work, wishing everyone a great day! BBL.
Let go of the Old things so God can send you the New!
New addition to the terrible rapper bio files:.... "Bio: I'm just trying to be you're favorite rapper."
Tony Parker pushes off a lot
thought you'd like that ;)
Do you have skin care questions you have always wanted to ask an expert dermatologist? Shoot 'em at me!
I'm gonna get yelled at for being so lazy, oh well
but they are playing the Devils now? I feel like their time to celebrate a quarterfinal victory against us is far than over.
stinks to be you!
Interesting narrative in #Frontline's Part 3: that POTUS got swayed by Geithner 2 B soft on banks; ltr by Rahm 2 toughen up on them.
I should be getting ready and not just lying here lazily.
the US just doesnt care enough about soccer
Pls is LAST person who should be Twitter attacking anyone, given he's nothing but a quitter misogynist media whore
dropping name got me a convo w sir charles - he said good things about you dingers, thanks for the heads up
okay good! Lol
biggie shouldn't have gone to LA
It's either Greinke or Hamilton. I'd prefer Greinke; too many issues, on and off the field, for Hamilton.
i'm boutta DM you bout somethin right quick bro.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
Where do you find the most "news"? Facebook, Twitter, or other? Let us know!
check out www.bubbabrain.com for smartboard review games for the classroom
dint sell the ipod yet ima brong the money 2morrow
Why is Michael Connelly so addictive? Reading Black Echo.
You should bring me some Ice Cream though Lbs :-)
So apparently my stepsister might be on
Hahah, I read this and was like, OMG. Is Rachel pregnant?! But then I read on. (;
Those shots in the 1948 game have made my day.
great meeting you last weekend. Let's def keep in touch!
I never lie!
and I love that you love her so much. I hate James Taylor though. Have fun!
Fuck it, Im on one.
just wanna smack a few people .... ur not worth more than that =]
are me and stayin with u at george town?
i need a real long vaca. ...i also need a serious nap when i get home. work 6-3.
why do you hate Catholics?
come 2 miami and visit !
even if i did have money i still wouldnt go wtf lol
Im sure you are!! We need to get together soon!
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. ~ F. Scott Fitzgerald
i left it ova my homeboi house
good appointment. Only failures in an England shirt. Can relate. And will motivate. But feel free to hate him. Free country!
Why is it so cold.
Gosh darn it... I just bought this... 2 pay... the Wind Blue it Off! :o
Want to win a solo ride w/ ? Enter the Ride with Lance Sweepstakes today at www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
(And I *might* be eating them for breakfast today<U+2026>a vegan cookie is practically a granola bar, right?)
I NEED ME A FEMALE RAPPER TO BE DOWN FOR WCK RECORD FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S AND A-1 ENT. G.M.S
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
Put on Narciso Rodriguez's new perfume & now I smell like a nursing home.
we saw ya Ronnie...in the elevator..
The Silk Tie likes Chris! Do fashion designers wear ties? thesilktie.com
No. And YES.
Wish she would act her age
Congratulations on your award. Much deserved!
Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts-Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things scare you to death.
thanks josh! tell some people, will ya? have a great one.
Kiss Coffee will be closed today and tomorrow--Merry Christmas
Check out and follow for our daily dose of undead and horror news, reviews, videos, previews and much more!
congrats to and - the once and future new media directors for
Valentines day is in 2 weeks & the only thing I love is my dog............
Really enjoyed your final mock. Good trades for MIN and BUF. Would be shocked if Kuechly fell that far though.
Christmas in July. Present arrives on a jetplane :)
i'm slightly annoyed now .
Happy Monday everyone! What are your plans for the 4th of July? Click "Like" if you will be serving our Crisps at your party!
I have to say #Pinterest is a mess. I keep trying, it keeps f'n up. I might be done w this mess.
Locks frozen here at work this morning. Hot coffee opened the first one. Propane torch for the rest.
"I'm going to do everything i can to stop it right here in the senate...that's not what this country stands for."
searching for a buyer/ procurement manager w/ heavy contract writing experience $$$ send resume to
Had so much fun at prom 2011 last night!!! Thanks to everyone who voted for me for king, shoutout to my "subjects" long live the king!!
she probably doesn't rlly check her DMs<U+2026>only tweets<U+2665>
at wrk just say hey
This guy looks like a fashion mashup btwn Purple Rain era Prince and Bruno Mars. It's weird, and wonderful!
Thanks for standing by me, for all the support & RTs from those continuing to do so while the laptop is being repaired greatly appreciated.
Last night at was an amazing experience. S/o to
thank you!
Back in Ann Arbor. Time for another "unpack/repack" episode.
congratulations on your graduation!
well, based on presidence, I figure $20mil to exit BE. In addition, who knows for a friend. That's a lot
btw in Greece had great tour guides & the more history they shared the happier we were! Inspired 2 find my Kefi!
How many since Feb 2008 are still unemployed and cannot file anymore? Claim numbers are misleading!
Good seeing and having the opportunity to catch up with him at the event earlier this evening.
Great lunch with :) she thinks im funny :)
missing when justin wasn't as famous. i wish i could've met him back then.
Hey how bout you just stick to acting like a nice person...cuz the real you is not at all. PS-you are a grown woman!
I need to send letter and poster (:
Who's around this summer?! Come in and join us for a tasty meal!
OMG!!!woman so is it from Facebook to Twitter to Skype???
Ill wait for minecraft on ps3 for the rest of my life T_T
What we know is that the card club has been the subject of an 18-month investigation by the state bureau of gambling control.
Where you at
Book is coming out this week...thanks for waiting.
Sadly, he got out of it.
Got a new CakePHP project launhin this week... Stay tuned
Italian! That works perfectly actually... I'll be driving in from UMaine. Want to say 7pm?
Welcome to the party, my old friends!
International #Jazz Day Jam Session at Jazz at the Bistro starts in just 2 hours. Come sit in and show us what you've got!
dude, I told you I cut it. I'm like buckwheats mama.
awesome! Thanks for the tip!
About time to go to the orthodontist, gah i really don't want to :'''(
endorsement deals... so damn ill...
With faith, letting go of a dream doesn't mean giving up. It means accepting God has better plans for you. Sweet dreams, everyone.
Wed or thursday will be first day..will tweet the night before
Apps for apes...wtf HLN! You got monkeys playin wit I-pads now?!
thanks for the RT!
AVID IS CHALLENGING.....LORD HELP ME...ALMOST DONE
Books are the ideal solution to the dead moments when you have to wait and need something to do. Yes, you could listen to your iPod but ...
RT : A Southerner knows that "fixin" can be used as a noun, a verb, or an adverb.
"Kids join gangs because they got no one at home and they don't love themselves enough." - 16 yr. old girl in yesterday's workshop
at my brothers baseball game. haha
vs zone that may not be a bad thing
In Europe, coffee was once paired with anarchistic political activities.
RT : Reform Jews everywhere celebrate a historic day in U.S. history. Thank you, President Obama, for endorsing marriage equality!
Hot City Pizza - just discovered it. Has a unique, sizable beer selection.
#ihateitwhen you take a 3 hour nap wake up and your still tired, but it's too late to go back to sleep.
my coach didn't play me and I was ticked so I went in the game for the final 3 minutes. Fouled out, 3 were offensive fouls. Lol
wont take a pic of my 18th century tv
At Yoshis in #SanFrancisco watching in concert! All I can say is #R&B is alive and well, You Better sang Man!!
Uncle Rush Please help my friends get on the amazing race!!! Please repost!!
can i be west virginia? <333
Whoa, science! You can run 10k better/faster on a Sunday, if you get SOME exercise (and don't smoke) during the week. Huh.
Who needs time zones when you are on #laketime Great evening riding!
Russ/ticular fortitude.....
I'm afraid to follow on Twitter, for fear of an imploding phone. Or worse.
<U+201C>: Half of Americans think #SCOTUS justices will rely on their partisan political views in health-care ruling. A good guess
Off to Comcast Death Star on North Avenue to humbly plead for replacement cable box
If someone is trying to rescue you from cyber bullying they are telling you that you can't handle this on your own.
sounds like you need a lot of air freshener and hand sanitizer.
You never know how useful Acrobat is until some 'friend' accidentally deletes it.
Landrieu just said sth abt black men who "really may look scary."He says "u can tell me to shut the hell up." I wish!
How do you bookmark tracks in the new pandora? #help!
Rajon Rondo hits jumper at 3:47, now has triple double. Rondo has 11 points, 11 rebounds, 15 assists. Still 6 turnovers, though.
#LeapYear freakout! Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
So many creeps
alone alone alone.. word ta kat williams lol
<U+201C>: I said that first grant!<U+201D> fuck yourself tulo
Headed to the Cape for the day with Christine and Malfi
Would love to hear more about your critiques of SCOT
i am to please :)
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing. Emo Philips
Nice room! I see you made it safely!
somebody come get me out the house please before I pull my hair out....its that crucial
I'm so excited to see you guys! =) even my parents vote for ya'll haha!
That way I'll make sure I get to do all the shit I want to do in my life span.
currently listening to brilliance Switch Switch by on
R.I.P to my cuzn. She left us too soon I know you up there looking down on us kid <U+E04E><U+E411><U+E058>
CeeLA, this is The Man you are speaking to. Are you in Montreal for the 2nd show. I am Rhianna's God Father.
So, now you have me watching #DrWho on netflix. lol.
Looking forward to tonight's episode of #BigBangTheory!
I've never been so pissed.
Do any of the four types of unintentional "innovation assassins" lurk in your company?
i know, i know, i'm always working.
thanks, appreciate it
why do u work mornings now?
First thought-take a look at the work for hire section in Nimmer on Copyright. What cases does Nimmer cite? +
Thank you!
Yes please.
i be the life of the party <3 cant wait till my bigg 18
Muahahahaha almost to cruces. Kevin awaits.
You'll soon be able to fly non-stop from PDX to Reagan National in D-C. fills us in on at 6:30pm.
looking forward to meeting you on the 30th. ATX
..hey you
2 Ariana I Love U!Tweet Me!I <3 Ur Song Put Ur Hearts Up!U/Me Have Same Tweets I Have 19.5K U Have 19.4K Tweets
After the #Easter Parade on 5th Ave today, come in and see our exhibition, "It's the Political Economy, Stupid" FREE 10AM - 6PM!
We'll be sharing Guru Guide 3rd edition preview highlights at ILTA INSIGHT next week. Come by stand 35 to find out more.
Haha, yes. RT : Managing the accounts is not the hard part; it's waiting on answers from other staff.
Wow...I just read the story about the fire. You are one in a million! May God bless you! Wish you were the mayor of Detroit :-)
I think it's time for that perm, Ross.
Spotify, Lion, and Harry Potter oh my!
I miss the old days when I didn't have to worry about growing up!
These airplanes are too loud tho
At least he doesn't look like Barney Fife, Pawlenty does!!
26 of 392 remaining after buy-in period...need to find some
Will be reading books by (R Isleib) 10 new books!
don't get me wrong I hate UK with a passion. I just hate IU more lol. I saw uk play in person last weekend. It was crazy good
boo hoo sad story, new American fad story.
Call Steve Bliss today at 858-278-2800 for your Free Consultation. San Diego Bankruptcy | Estate Planning Attorney | Credit Repair. We care.
Steve Moore is killin' it tonight! Good job #32!
what did you end up getting?
how has drabek looked
<U+201C>: Gunman reportedly wearing body armor kills at least 4 in Arizona, police say - <U+201D>BAD SAD STORY
Missed ya tonight!
Performing at Strawberry Moon Martini bar Wauconda with guitarist Andy Pratt May 12 6-9pm. Crazy good martinis.
my friend has this gymclass heros bag and it reminded me of you lol. Btw I hope I see you!
Exactly, that was my thought. No offer, so now deal with it... oh, the little Mets.
How so? I talked to u yesterday :)-- RT : so i missed talking to fans :( how sad
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 34
is a proud supporter of the United Nations 2012 International Year of Sustainable Energy for All
Keeping it classy at Fireside
how did you get your presentation to sync from ipad to computer during norms retreat? i thought that was very cool!
The US Coastguard is trying to help four crew members who were hurt when a large wave crashed onto..
Everyone in Louisville support your local artists.Buy new album.Im gonna check it out,I heard its pretty tight!
The crowd was so into last night and so out of it tonight. This is baseball, it's a 7 game series and we are still in it, come on!
The anticipation of how my hair will turnout is the worst part
I'm watching "Step Up 2 The Streets" on ABCfamily! :)
No, seriously, I'm here and of sound mind, but I have to catch up on my other stuff before I can deal with your not-so-urgent matter. Jeez.
yup sounds good homie
Long day of shooting is over! Time 4 food...a drink and my couch!
lmfao!!! That's really funny, its so awful xD I love making fun of myself now.
im back from mexico guys ugh so tired i see none of my friends were active enough to reply to me
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I wouldn't get to chapter 4. This book isn't gonna read itself...
I miss u to Mikey! This is my last week of school then we can have bust sessions everyday!
Saw a really cool doormat written in French. In France do they have cool doormats written in English?
<U+201C>The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still.<U+201D> -- A.W. Tozer
Acting and Spoken Word is popping, but I promise new music soon!
Everyone has that one friend, who is perverted, you can say Anything and somehow they relate it to sex
beba, you inspire me. I hope my kids are as well behaved and smart as yours
Oracle Announces Availability of Advanced Metering Infrastructure Vendor Adapters for Oracle Utilities Smart Grid ...
<U+201C>: Srsly. We have problems in this country & these morons are asking whether Obama is a socialist. Sad pack of fools.<U+201D>
ppl jus stupid nowadays
- just a messenger - i missed putting in the attribution
M&A Tip of the Day-When selling your business, make sure your all your financials are in order. This will help greatly with due diligence.
how old is she?
I guess were all as fucked as we should ever be than. I say embrace it...
which article?
Had such an amazing time with everyone at Craftacular today! Xoxox
Panther is a MUST!
I'm the shit. Too bad your brain hasn't filled that large skull.
not having classes or finals for three days in a row>>>
Sonic in gallatin 3 cokes for $6 and ours is only $3 at home! I don't understand <U+0001F612>
Just rode 7 miles on the bike with and worked out a little. Super stoked he is here for my graduation tomorrow!
#CrazyzBill says his urethra is burning, and that he may never have a functioning penis again.
YES! See you then!
just watching tv, and u? (:
Check our Albert Bandura. ALL learning us social! Nothing to do with the technology.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Doors are open! Come out and join us for a cocktail.
ima punch you in the mouth !
Please Big Brother, drop out. Mark and Bopper are just too humorous to get the boot.
Another gorgeous day in DC
the show is for two hours? thats long.
fountain of our youth to before and become yet again the thought of a race of angels living among us a few the light we will follow to
hm interesting! Will have to try as well...thanks!
done ur turn!
"Be the 4011th person to respond and you win Pens playoff tickets." ... "Sorry you are number 4008." WHAT IS THAT?!
Read Bernie Miklasz' stuff. You okay Joe?
will do bro appreciate it!
Bumping some while driving on sunset in los angeles
I'll do it now...watch and learn
snow in philly this weekend... im not pleased
for sure I'm free! why the 17th?
aint nothin like a good high
Just found the song of my life!!!! #score!!
Greco's tips: 1)Assess organization's financial health and readiness to support scale, 2)establish comfort with growth strategy...
I may have given a damn, but I NEVER gave a fuck.
Yes a good talk happened last night indeed. I can't confirm the Subway sandwich though. :)
lol u silly
My resolve to get at least 8 hours of sleep each night is weak. Going to give it another shot tonight. 'Night twitterverse.
We live in the <U+201C>WTF<U+201D> generation. [W]ikipedia [T]witter [F]acebook
tears, sneezing, wheezing, and itchies. Bloody
love ya and thank u 4 holding me down tonight!! Sorry I forgot to thank you on stage, but you and were amazing!!
thanks, Pamela! I got it at the Hudson Booksellers store in the Nashville airport. It might be an airport thing.
SEI Sounds of Soul Choir on the main stage...
Appreciate all the retweets!
I love Where the Wild Things Are R.I.P Maurice Sendak amazing artist.
yay!!!! its okay creepers are good as long as thier not eggs
back on baby!! haha
One down, four to go.
someone with a car should come scoop me.. being home on a Friday night is not a fun time..
Lagarde on ag subsidies: ag activities critical; room for impvmt in CAP; impt sector that needs 2B secured & protected.
Too fucking early.
I did. Finished several projects with her for 2-3 quarters.
It's a Beary Special Day-- Happy 109th Birthday Teddy Bear! Have you hugged your Teddy today? :)
I hope I get the little girl I've always wanted (: #GoodLuck .
I thought sushi was nasty, I guess it just depends on what kind you get lol
My birthday is in 2 days
My fave is when the footnotes explain the bawdy references.
I can't wait for the weekend !
I'm at Greenway Pub of that helps. You're the coolest!
with strawberries growing on them as mignardises?
Yeah, especially since it's usually a wasted exercise
Wearing your guy's sweatpants >>>>>
thanks, right back at you! let us know if you need biz cards, postcards, etc., and we'll hook you up w/ a great price.
Clousers jet landing soon. Should be a solid weekend hanging with the Penn ave peeps from trumansburg.
I hate it when men whistle at me like I'm a lost little puppy. When women do it, it makes me fearful of my womanhole.
Warm weather makes me wanna ride my motorcycle :'(
She be on twitter all day, how she ain't got more tweets then me
This jello tastes like cough syrup ..
most boring saturday night ever! i hate when my weekend plans dont go as planned shit pisses me off
Give Me Love. Xx
Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic.
Treating myself to guava, pina colada, mango and strawberry coconut cupcakes and cake pops for my birthday courtesy of :)
probably my favorite April fool's this year!
WOOT RT : Here's an idea: to road trip in VIP party bus/limos.
It's coo tho. I could careless what anyone says about me.
Graduating senior looking to learn about the craft of PR.
Very True!
Oh a little bit of everything. Life good for you?
that's right! U tell 'em, pink panther flakes!!! :-)
you still in Chicago?
Well I guess Finley has scored 3 now, but the question still stands, haha.
They like who I am but is in love with the person I have potential to be..
Hope you had a wonderful visit!
I wanna bag you like some groceries
Emily wants me to find Prince Charming... wtf.
Nice to see at
OT in FLA. Good luck Devs and Cats - I'm going to bed
Moonpies #Talladega media center..totally shocked. Was expecting carrots and apples.
Working On My Mixtape Might Perform Somewhere Pretty Soon-KaeSmoove
This is what makes twitter & Facebook a great marketing medium in this age of advertising and promoting your service or product
Babe is sleeping over !
oh yea man watsup...u gotta get a pic on your twitter bro lol
We might burn like gasoline & fire, but it's a chance we'll have to take.
I wonder the same thing every time I see that commercial!
Darmen? Sounds like your barista missed his morning coffee. lol
First the Crosby Sweepstakes, now the Jagr Sweepstakes? Come on people. He can still score, but he only has a year or two left in him.
Check us out on Facebook: Coastal Aquatic Creations
I have menudo and comfort food for you!!
Holy freaking #HEAT! This is crazy. Make sure to #water your #plants. Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and Cool off!
Only a fifth to a quarter of #kids #apps are paid for; rest are free.
#IdFangirlIfJustin caked me.
mememememememe!!! Ive never had the pleasure of playing :(
basically, the term Hollywood Indies blows my mind. &I'm unpacking it, but I want to make sure the term isn't industry standard
haha the love of my life
Think of a number between 0 and 20 Add 32 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 1. Now close your eyes. It's dark isn't it?
Sorry I didn't answer you before. I didn't have a "live" connection for most of the day. #aallfs is the hashtag for the summit.
<U+201C>: I want a relationship where you can lay with each other & just talk.. about anything.<U+201D>
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!69
I can't hear you my eyes are closed.
If Twitter and Facebook merge - Twacebook. What wabbit?
Just got so pumped about taking my brother to see his favorite band, RHCP, this June as a grad present- too bad he'll be in Italy. <U+0001F4A9> poop.
House Party Tip: Make sure you know EVERYONE who comes into your house, and have someone stand at the door to control who enters
Wish I was jst doing photography full time. It's gonna happen by this next year. Thats a promise to myself & everyone who reads this! Lol
This is probably stupid to everyone else but tomorrow is 5 months with
Sitting at a desk all day can cause lower and upper back and neck pain, hip pain, poor balance, and make you more prone to heart disease
Happy birthday T Gwynn, and many more!
Can officially say follows me!!!!
doesn't matter you're there so its caliente ;D
Everything is going to be different this year...
Oh, never mind, just on my Hootsuite. Weird.
any time. Ha
I Cried When Will Smith had to kill his dog in I Am Legend
Working with the awesome crew today for an shoot! Stay tuned for more details when we launch in May!
Offended? I took it as a compliment.
Blah going to bed.
Make sure to follow us on twitter
Now offering Wallet Sized LAMINATED Auto Insurance ID cards 4 existing clients! Just send a request 2 if u want one!
Drugs have taught an entire generation of Americans the metric system. P. J. O'Rourke
Romney addresses crowd briefly outside a Rosemont restaurant. Inside now shaking hands. He added this campaign stop ahead of Tues primary
Really don't want to eat this adderall
So worth the drive to see get his TD and watch SU shut out AU, awesome! How ya like that obnoxious AU moms?
Sometime the truth hurts, but yu still gotta live with it
Way Too Loud
DNC's Hillary Rosen sez Ann Romney, a stay at home mom w/ 5 boys, never worked day in her life. Really? Have her change Harry Reid's diapers
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
<U+201C>: We're so jealous! Have fun and we'll be following!<U+201D> totally!!!
City in trouble
heading upstate today for some filming
Kobe Bryant's autographed Broken-Nose Mask sold for $67,100. All of it will go to Bryant's youth foundation.
My bf comes home today!!! :-)
See jazz great John Clayton with his holiday trio-Gerald Clayton and Kevin Kanner-Benefit for ASMAC& LA Jazz Society-Dec 6 www.asmac.org
Me too :D RT Morning, peeps. Happy 1st day of spring! Loving the Google Doodle today.
I'm still held accountable as the same person. I have same face, and same fingerprints. I can't hide behind an avatar
followed him back sir
Oh man. Hilarious and brilliant. outdid himself. Seriously, Twitter should always be that entertaining.
sounds good, just a thought.. I want to meet the team
HA! Even better it turns out edited an article started by my pal A small Wiki world we live in.. :)
What's the name of the play the speaker just mentioned?
Dear , I think you are amazing, and when I am a famous chef, I am going make you the greatest vegetarian meal ever. Love, Vick
17 , NO kid(s) , & about to graduate . Thank God <U+E41D>
Congratulations!! we R such Aug Natl. fans, my parents modeled their house after the clubhouse & 1st grandkid named: Augusta!
The return of the Boxty: Thin Potato Griddlecake Stuffed w Zesty Turkey Sausage, Aged Cheddar, Arugula, Fried Eggs, Chive Caper Cream Sauce.
": Smiling is contagious. " :D
Hope the cover jinx works!
has the EVER been a better Backup QB performance in the NFL? 6 TDs?
enjoyed your #flipclass prez! Looking forward to trying it
Sitting in Weimer Hall and I overhear two #PR majors refer to their media kit as "OMG so Cute"
A super chat tonight with Brandon Barklage on
I would get in the batters box against Rick Vaughn before he got his glasses
RT : It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single girl in possession of an empty stomach must be in want of a bagel.
Craming in last minute work
"Don't let yourself get in over your head"
Generic "orioles are in first place" tweet
RT : Know why Tuesday is better than Monday? Because we're open! New BROWN SUGAR cupcake w/ CINNAMON NUTMEG frosting! YUM
i love that song! i gonna watch your cover now..
Man this new weed I got is stupid as fuck... On mammas
You are always beautiful and profoundly worthwhile. Call me. Miss you, lovely.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week
i hope u do becuase, your gunna be more than Slepping Beauty...and that bitch sleeps all the time!
ok handsome love you
Oh no! Walking for healthy stronger babies is a good way to help! Sorry for your loss.
Remember, when you review anything & only have 1 review ie: Yelp or Amazon - it can automatically be deleted upon request by the company.
Her acting seems a lil off from the trailers... But I shall see once it comes out. Still love her tho.
did I meet you at that party? or were your unremarkable talents blowing up multiple house parties in 2000?
The iPad is especially useful for making exotic new sounds, particularly when you thwack it with a Basque jai alai cesta.
#bigmistake ...i know u r but what am i
Gone to the moon and back...bottle and buds for the morning...
RN, MA, MIBC, BUSINESS, Criminal Justice/Investigations and Paralegal students welcome to PHOENIX HIRING EVENT
I know. So relieved.
thank you
and are my two favorite people in the world because they inspire me so much! I LOVE YOU!!!
Air planes I love em
65% of social media-using teens have had an experience on a social network site that made them feel good abt themselves.
===NO MORE Grocery or Gas Bills,,,,www.gasandfoodvideo.com / www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I am giving away 125 leads a week at sign up
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both of us. <U+E14C>
For real doe. We're gonna make a sex tape too \m/
That's amazing.
Sleep is such a gift when you're sick. Lucy is sleeping peacefully away in her car seat.
USS Nightmare with the Fam. This should be amusing.
Also pretty sweet to see that a few scenes I filmed a few months ago for an undisclosed project turned out to be for The Avengers!
That's where we're headed. Can't wait until our new site goes live this summer.
The River by Garth Brooks on WCVH.
Pizza & A Pitcher Night!! Buy a Pitcher, Get a FREE Pizza! Also Tonight ~ 3 For 3 Deal -- 3 Miller Lite or High Life Shorties for $3!
In order to grasp all the joy life has to offer, we have to open ourselves to new experiences.
Yep...totally wrote quests rather than guess...amazing autocorrect!
Tune in to your favorite #ArabicMusic: Classics, traditional, pop, contemporary, oud, instrumental, and much more ONLY on #RadioMAQAM!
Finally home. If I never fly again, it will be too soon. Shatner had a better flight watching the gremlins rip at the wings.
Okay... done with The Hunger Games trilogy. As with the earlier books, I did not exactly *enjoy* it, but it was gripping and satisfying.
Single doesn<U+2019>t have to mean lonely. Single simply means <U+2018>I<U+2019>m resting my heart until it<U+2019>s ready to love again<U+2019>.<U+201D>
C'mon Rocks, beat the Cardinals tonight!
You know what's hard to show visually? Multimedia/film. I am out of ideas.
Yay! I love good news at the end of the day! :)
People are sayig your FB account has been hacked. Maybe, maybe not. You also looking for virtual sex.
lisa is done...went too far with everything
"Nobody wants a Charlie in the Box" Charlie in the Box
I think Kelli is there too
sounds delicious. Which one do you work at ??
I wish I was home, I wish I was back there...with the things I've been knowing.
Thuggery and brutality are symptoms of ignorance run amok. Go Blue...good must always work to overcome evil.
oh, that's so nice to hear! Thank you for telling me. You are right, I should write more about WHY it is important. :)
Really Phil? Abacab? Is it REALLY there?
: Tune in tonight at 11 on channel 18 CAPITOL CHAOS live footage fom us feel free to leave us comments and feedback.
thanks for the directions last night!!! I made it home without getting lost! yayyy! :) and it was nice seeing you too!
Chris Paul will never back down from anyone. You can count on that! This game getting crazy!
this is gonna be a very physical series.
Cool things are afoot.
happy birthday bro ((: see you soon !! (: <33
222 days till Christmas!
Sounds like a great problem to me!
Cannot function. But I have to go see the daddio soon
Charleston based Dave Baker is Columbia bound today for the Dr. Oz show!
where are you? :(
RT : Former brewer launches in San Francisco, focusing 100% on barrel-aged sour
yeah, set myself up for that one. =)
D'oh! I forgot to hashtag! Now no one will see it "Awww Man!" haha! :)
Try adding plyometric drills to your strength training routine to give your body a shock between sets.
You're welcome! :)
2 possession game for
Realizing the two cute girls that work at Starbucks remember your name
Hello again, Twitter! I'm officially back at work. Anyone have online access to Phil. Trans. R. Soc. A 368/1926 (2010)? Need article frm it.
Its nice to see that no matter what happens, that it all will be ok
OMG yes. Might have to do an extra round of the building when I get back home.
Great night at the Smith Center in Vegas last night! Off to Indiana for a couple of days.
I went again this week too. :) Butternut squash dish was delicious.
maybe someday haha
Celebrities to C.E.O's contact B.C.N. for whatever contact you may need .
hard as we can to save YAA Twitter.
Day is a little overcast but still very beautiful with the red and orange leaves falling! Business is booming!!
Taking full advantage of our sunshine?
At almost 1k #followers on both #facebook and #twitter! Thank you to everyone for your continued support!
Im doing Awesome! thanks for asking! what you up too?
BJ there we go!
Thx so much for the #ff. I really appreciate it!
I know that's why traffic must have been jamming in that area b/c i didn't see an accident!
Hi there!!!
Am I the only person who thinks Skyrim is not all that?
My mouth is on fire
that's a lie L7
Alrighty, #TeamAchieve, today it was just 30 minutes of reading for the chapter I'm working on. But I'm working!
I had a crazy one too. Eddie Murphy was letting me use his time share in switzerland
oh why do you make everything so difficult?
Day drinking and pawn stars. I love my days off.
: Thanks & we're grateful for the RT's! Looking forward to the fair as well.
I'm reading now
Florida Keys. Bitches.
Remember when coffee was simple and reliable? Now there's 80 different names and frankly its only slightly different.
It takes so long for my hair to dry!
Thanks for following! Have a great weekend. Tom
I could not be more excited that is officially joining The X Factor! It's going to be the best thing ever!
<U+201C>Resolved <U+2013> never to do anything which I would be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.<U+201D> <U+2014>Jonathan Edwards
singing f*cked up songs on youtube !!
Pic should be attached
I have somehow managed to take 2 naps today.
Swam for the 1st time since Oct. Wow, not easy: required nap. 41 days
Came to the realization that I won't have a date to prom.
#FF to our new followers! Looking forward to your tweets:
RT : Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
I look like a hobo about to go workout today...
I loved the first series theme song :(
Why do you care if I fucking dye my hair? Just shut the fuck up. -_-
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA ,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA A CHATEAR LATINO
Hello, My Last Name Is Fabella. Do You Possibly Know A Vance Fabella? Please Write Back.
is probably my biggest insparation because even though people were hating on her she kept going(: and i love her for that :3
Fantasy Golf: Volvo China Open preview The 2012 Today's Golfer Fantasy Golf game, in association with Your Golf Travel, lands on the Euro
Waitors that privide what? Huh I have.no clue what your talking about.
Thnx...but think we'll skip the bongos
Libre moderator asks why when demand for oil is down because of mild winter are costs up?
Sands, you around January 16th?
"We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"
Good point. I mean more that you don't feel you've missed out on everything in your life because of work.
Amazing you could hold out so long, Cheers!
Who said that? RT : Nicki And Nas? WHAT!? WHY!?
Medical Center-Summit is participating in the Hospital Food Fight. Will Chef Klink and his team win this year? Good Luck!
Bubba. Great emotion. What a win.
The Cards kept it exciting.
When you live a life of purpose, you wake up every morning with passion and energy! Find ur purpose & the energy will be there!
Im wrking on mobile app in art mus 4 gr6-12. I thought youve done something similar (w/teens)? Is there someone I can talk 2?
now to go for a walk to work off that ice cream
Just got back from Malaysia and DC training courses. So glad to not be traveling for a while. Now if I could only catch up..
WE ARE(:
And then there is the whole cute thing too,
I can't really talk, yet everyone is asking me questions.
That awkward moment when you look at someone and they are already looking at you.
OK so the #Pirates made some errors & it cost them a game tonight. But 16 runs in two games gives me hope that the bats are about to blow up
I am cool. Where are you?
im tired of you thanking us !we havent done nearly anything compared to what you do for us .THANK YOU. your story is amazing !
Admittedly, I am one of those people who must relearn how to drive in the snow every year.
Heading into a two hour product portfolio meeting. Fortunately we spend the entire time talking about
Thumbs are tickeling Me:D
Naw, just waiting on them to step up their game. I'm all for it if/when it happens.
": Not as bad as you blow in the 4th Qtr... RT : Under Armor blew it with those joints!!"
would love to see more libs offering writing workshops, can mean something in traditional sense but also music, video, design
she not even here for me to ask her she lefted her cell and why would i got out for only two hours theres no point
ok, i lied. This was for a kraftwerk look alike contest.
CTFU This grown ass man tryna talk to me with some damn Sean John on. Gtf outta here man. >.<
Starting trip to BTV to connect w/ #miamaustin and #laneytrue! College road trip not.
what do you want me to do? Are you a friend on FB?
The only reason he loves you is because he knows how easy it is to get in your pants. Damn hoe.
<U+201C>: Cam Barker scores for the Oilers and Ray Emery is now in goal for the #Blackhawks.<U+201D> in first game since 11/10!
uh what that didn't make sense haha?
#Kobe with 24, isn't Coach Brown the same guy that lead the #Cavs & LBJ 2 the best record 2wice w/LBJ win'n 2MVP's?
#EST IS ALL OVER MY TL INCLUDING imma smoke him out in Indy lol
If you're going to complain about how much drama there is, stop contributing.
I enjoy playing Words With Friends on Facebook now......WHEN people are actually ONLINE to play.. :/
Post work today and a small screening tonight. Hard work after Occupy Brentwood last night.
Pinterest is so fun! It's an online pin board where you can keep things you enjoy like recipes or outfits!
but the weather is AMAZING outside and there's nothing like listening to ur ipod while the sun shines down on you
Who doesn't love Ryan. Chris and Ramon? You have good taste in gays lady.
When you smile I smile
What day is good for a Prophetic Activation next weekand? Sat or Friday? 8pm 9pm 10 pm ?
Got to get the Popcorn drowned in Butter! It's MUST!
getting ready for holiday staff party tonight!! Fun, Fun, Fun!
Sorry, , but you all just got out-manned. Montreal won the physical side, hands down.
So tired I went to bed at 7pm. just woke with a headache and muscle soreness and some serious thirst. Dehydray-shun! Thank you cajun man!
get back to work and stop hasseling with your computers, let us handle that. Starting as low as $199.00 per month! 512 873-0447
I'm still tired lol!! Good Morning!
Thanks & for being my wingmen last night
run that by me again
RO is in Pittsburgh somewhere... ;)
awww came straight here after practice. Sorry.
On my way to practice
Got my promotion dress ;*
RT In my old neighborhood it is a #policeman that look like
I see. The Lof piece I posted is available to all, I think. Accessed it from asha.com without entering my membership password.
Would it kill Steimsma to put his hands up on D? I guess it would.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is being ignored by and
Guy at GABP yelling "Darwin ... Can you here me?" well, yes, if I can hear you in Louisville, Barney can.
Man its hot in his barber shop
Moving forward.
had a great zumba class tonight.....
Spring cleaning time with a sweet Spotify playlist.
Stopped on by to witness do his thing!! Sorry for the short stay buddy..taxi meter was running ;)
Funny, has Beerfest on right now... In honor of #pcbw?
just get an iphone 5 man!
the murals on board chamber wall is racist, not single person of color. Not even Indians!
too late
Good afternoon Tweeps! Have a Wonderfully #Blessed Weekend!
Wonderful news! 1-800-Flowers.com has now come on board Diversity Platinum giving our members wonderful discounts. Thank you 1800 flowers!
Trial in Bay City. Don't expect any Twitter/Facebook action anytime soon.
I'd rather you hate me for everything I am than you ever love me for something I am not.
...I live FL and stanning with Newt...
and i are at #citywinery for the show. Opening act right now
Tell us why your Mom is an inspiration in 140 characters and win a HUGE Mother's Day Giveaway gift package. Use #LouCathSports to tag post.
Good morning. It is a very nice day. I'll probably sit outside too later. :)
I'm so blessed:)
I have a big bottle of Godiva chocolate liqueur in my pantry...That's going to happen.
Doesn't work for me on my Macbook Pro either.
you're welcome. grad school is talking about alice munro drunk on box wine.
#waystomakeagirlsmile Be there when she wakes up
'Syria has more to hide than it has to show,analysts say' -Debra Amos in Beirut
Only a week left of vacation. Then it's back to school :c
Walking groups in Bronx, NY?
We gotta make a decision.. we leave tonight or live and die this way
Endure, Overcome, Dominate,
HELL NAW": So u like fat chicks now? RT : Not all skinny girls are cute,And not all big girls are ugly..."
Game over.
"Hey, Mommy! One of the judges is a heat seeker!"
I'm sure bo and 'the administration' will find a way to infer that there's something wrong w/ the kid and its not their fault
Watching "Broke Girls" cause the reviewer compared it to Laverne&Shirley- it will never be that. BAD...HORRIBLE
The Isleta Hotel is gorgeous. Quite happy. Happy new year's!!
Bronson: Took Ambien that night because "I wanted a good night's sleep. I didn't want to wake up." 2 nights prior had been restless.
getting dressed ..
Man never walked on the moon.
Last night's episode of "Ringer" was really good :)
Not only advertising but programs like LockUp - it baffles me
Dear coworks. If I post a picture. Don't open it unless you want to see my wiener
The is a piece of shit. They "attempted" a delivery yesterday morning but I didn't get a notice until today.
LOVED the music for the show last night! Classical night rocked it!why don't I see you in the audience next to
I get way too excited when my tea is ready.
#NewsCorp: There's only so much lying your readers/viewers will take before they discover what the rest of us already know.
Sunday is half-priced wine night in the restaurant! Come out and try some beautiful Washington reds and whites!
Just got "pinjacked" on - spam pin auto-repinned itself w/o an option to delete. You need type "/edit" at the end to delete!
<U+201C>: <U+201C>: ASK me, don't AXE me.<U+201D> getting AXEd hurts. ASKing can never hurt.
lol thanks for your support!
#YOLO better do it!
Hey Ariana How Are You #heartsUP I love You :)
haha. Bruh, me and go way back. Like pre-millennium back! It's a small world, huh.
what's good killa hit me with a follow back
I love looking through the Xbox Games On Demand list of games under the genre "fighting". Silent Hill Homecoming is def a fighting game. :|
Common people is one of my favourite tunes
I'm waiting for the Android tablet kit!
Thanks and follow as well!
For U old timers, Four Freshmen Five Trombones gig today. I've the bass chair & Conrad Herwig is 1 of the bones. Tonesmen full circle.
for me to complain in the mornings about being so tired, sure knows how to prevent it from even happening in the 1st place... <U+0001F612>
that's right..
lmao that made me homesick a little
Yes! It will be so great to see you.
Dear students, we know when you're texting. No one randomly looks at their crotch and smiles. Sincerely, annoyed teacher.
and the "off" switch was nowhere in sight, Beast mode (on)off
": May 5th Plies Performing Live in St Louis"
RT : Ladies:: Be selective..Finding Mr right is like finding good shoes..The 2 gotta match &amp; they MUST FIT!
i wanna go in your...kitchen....to lick that....icecream,
hey when u tweet my send a txt to my bro and he will tell me because i have something to tell u ok.(//_')
we miss you BC <U+201C>: <U+201C>: Full house, #SoldOutSundays <U+201D>
OH MY GOD. JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY.
Had a great long weekend w/ family and friends and looking forward to the short week
RT I suppose it would be crude of me to set an alarm for 12:30 on my phone. #dryAtlanta #bluelaws>>>Go for it.
do you not feel that ascribes a certain level of power to the oppressors of Black people in America since they created the
you have to admit those two Kobe shoulder shoves were brutal. Especially the first one..
I wish I lived on the west coast
some dates and cities where we will be doing shows: June 25th Chicago, June 28th our EP releases, July 1st in Milwaukee, WI
My mom called Hannah Montana the movie childish but she bought puss in boots..
If I Havent Followed Back Mention Me An I Will Follow.
Wish #mubb would just pretent they were down double-digits to start the gm
in NYC. Hands out, eyes closed, the most incredible experience you'll ever FEEL!
and still immature as ever
Too hot neways...
It's like dat when u str8 from the north Lil Kenny hit ur hood sideways throwing dat bass in your face
"I want to change the copy in the app" - "Okay, you can change the Lorem Ipsum to Lauren Ipsum" -me
it have been a experience in itself,so far only one last and he doesnt live in New York, but we have great conversations
<U+201C>: If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority.<U+201D>
Ahaha Good idea in buying it! :P :D
Thx for the follow Ms. Duckworth & your military service. I admire your strength. Much success on your race in congress.
Thanks to my besti for getting me a national champ poster!!
Home from work. Doing homework? No.
Great experience at the children's hospital with the team! - GO DAWGS
New Wine tasting kicks off today, 4 wines for $14. This weekend Fresh Arugula Salad and Herb Meatballs with romesco Sauce! Enjoy.
coffee always starts the day off right :) morning all!
Lisa: smart and frustrated by all the idiots around her. ;) (unless they made up a character, then I'd be a regular at Moe's.)
it's hard not to have weddings on the brain with this Spring like weather! Call or email us to set up an appointment.
you gonna be there Friday and Saturday too? Like hanging out not playing?
How great is our God! Jesus, you reign over all! <3
"That's what you said last season!"
My mail carrier is awesome! I just called the post office to let them know that she is awesome!
Very clever ideas about sharing digital library content on wikipedia
Thanks to and for an amazing season of Screen on the Green!
you're my first victim hahaha!
u got things ready for summer of love? Also let me know next fusion date may take some youth!!!
What does the NRA have to say now. How did #standyourground ever get this far.
and those on Apollo 1, Challenger, and Columbia
Lmao this fool just ate a ghost pepper!! I am over here DYING!!!!!!!
make sure you tune in tomorrow as Dave and Casey break down the 2012 NFL regular season schedule. Ah yeah!!!!
Not physically tired just mentally tired =disastrous for my exams tomorrow
Amazing evening. Totally worth the 4.5 hours of sleep.
Sandusky sounds more like a pitcher to me.
I kinda miss my dad! I rarely say that.
Nappturalite Radio luv this! Talk about embracing the movement for beauty of ethnic hair. Plz support and follow us!
ability to control better your device and test/use apps not on the app store
5mins left freaking out
SMH @ people using a headset and still holding their phone up to their mouth...
I pray for her every night that's all I can do :/
I love the Milwaukee airport... Live piano player from local college & a used book store!
<U+201C> You NEVER have to chase what's yours. If you stay in YOUR lane, what's yours will chase YOU!<U+201D>
Chris Mann singing Josh Grobin: I think I just heard puking in the other room.. Lol
In this corner, The Rock's Smack-aroni Salad vs. Chyna's Guacamole.
I love scheduling out my tweets!
- thank you for the mention!
great gig at made wit love today. thx for playing ;)
Haha thanks girl :)
thanks for the mention. Claire does awesome work :-)
I want a nice cute trade dude to fuck! Thatll be awesome!
Yo, , can't wait to party with you at #PXYSJ on 6/12!
Nope, I don't know what this pattern is, There's green black dots on white.
go man go
I pray for Discernment & Wisdom daily! No time for setbacks in this season...
Although I surprised the catcher a bit...
i already did :)
"mail time mail time maiiiillll timmmeee, o its here"
I should be sleeping!
CONGRADULATIONS! I cant believe that out of 17k followers you are following me:O
Thanks for your words and for following
Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there.
Is that a complex token?
we have 12mo to use it, so u tell us a good time!
<U+201C>: no holds bar Unc! Get them right!!!!<U+201D> I'm sure he will cry aloud and spare Not!
I'd like to send a big FU to for most likely being responsible for the structure being way too good for a $350
why doesn't ever tweet me back? :(
It's distressing how often I seek to cross something out and miss.
Why am I just now LOVING A Day To Remember?!
#nfais12 new technology is CDF like PDF for computable documents publish on the web, download a free plug in
great! Working. Kinda boring but fun.
I'm going to science and we are having a partyy!!(: hbuu?
good morning
Little kindnesses & courtesies are so important. In relationships, the little things are the big things. -Stephen Covey
Thank you to everyone who made opening night a success!! If you missed out there are still plenty of more performances of God of Carnage!
Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!!
See Pedro Almod<U+00F3>var's film"The Skin I Live In"- I saw it last night w Elena Anaya and Antonio Banderas, GREAT movie!
before and she told me to get a hotel room down the street lmao
But I heard its a new trend
Thanks from #WritingEditing for the listing /adventurers-of-life !
Invention is the mother of necessity, not only due to attendant and emergent technologies, but also made possible by manufactured necessity.
I wish it worked that way, but it never does. At our house Mommy & Daddy trade off kid duty and resting.
Wish I could, but gonna be on the freelancer hampster wheel this weekend ;)
Are you playing tonight? How many runners so far?
don't be a fool that the rocks i got im still jenny from the block...... don't MESS WITH ME
thanks again :)
Going to bed.
Its a lil nippy this morning =\
happy birthday my special love wishing i could be with you on your special day i just want U to know how much i love U my special sexy love
say how you really feel '
LOVE these lazy days at home!
Sometimes people come others go but there isnt one time when u wont have anyone besides u!!<3
Thanks for checkin' it out! And you won't be disappointed. Both songs are hot!
Looking forward to a great week! Thanks for mentions:
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don<U+2019>t like and like so many things we don<U+2019>t do?
hey guys thanks for the follow. We should should have some shirts by June!
can't be to many places to go on a date in your big city lol
#whatgetsmegoin hair of the dog
Don't live beyond ur means.
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
Hanging out @ Phat Phashuns in SWATS for the Grand Opening, a lot of hott women in the house and waiting for the strippers. 3050 MlK Jr. ...
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid is going Inside Her Story!
With a sore throat :(
Halloween all weekend at Amber, we can't wait to see costumes!!
I<U+2019>ve never been to New York. Whenever I see a movie set in New York, the streets look like a river of Yellow Cabs.
Plenty of adults I know do, though the latter usually involves some kind of imbibed substance.
RT What will Earth Day 2012 look like? Take a photo on April 22nd where you are and help us capture the moment....
Hilarious! RT : Sending out my first twit on tweeter
Woe to those now scrambling for Valentine's Day ideas. There's always frozen yogurt, you guys. Nothing says "I LOVE YOU" like yogurt.
Ok my boyfriend is the cutest thing ever!!..."I saved you part of my pb&j sandwich" just adorable
Karstens does the most with the least
And we will again (today;) follow this man!! ---> RT You're my favourite too! I remember you #FF'd me!
Having a blast working with Sara Allen at Waterstone Consulting on a couple of projects!
<U+201C>: Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -John Wooden<U+201D>
Sorry to break the news but there are 3 Erins (plus Aaron and Darren)!!
Im really not in the mood to go to school today! Who wants to play hookie with me? lol
no I won't! Since I wasn't there yesterday lol
Yeah I'm not fun. Ok that's cool.
The quality of sound acoustically and electrically is way better than any guitar www.usamusician.net/nashville-tn-handmade-guitars.htm
This may include purchasing of ad spaces on a number of other sites, TV and ads on the radio
Thanks, boo!
REALLY. I MISSED 11:11 AGAIN. what the fuck is going oN!
Winter hibernation breeds golf nostalgia. Got any great golf stories you could share? Please, share.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Oh, sorry I didn't see this in time to walk with you last night!
I lowkey wanna take my moms gift back...
what has matt's mom saying bout me?
breakfast extends an olive branch and lunch says "who me?!" with big puppy eyes
byte me<U+2026> that's how I feel right now
Happy to see get some love on He does fantastic work. He helped us when we did fire safety outreach earlier this yr.
That would be nice!
thanks a ton!! All of those manicures were by Miss New Mexico USA '11 <U+0001F451> Thanks for following back!! :)
as a person or ambassador of the game Tebow is awesome. NFL qb... Not so much.
A macro written by to keep him company .
YO WHERE MY COPY OF SNAPPASSIPPI?? WE CAN DO AN EVEN EXCHANGE MY "SUBSTANCE ABUSE" FOR UR TAPE..LOL
Hi there..
Um...go to class...Project X will be waiting for you. I want to see it too.
#Fatkids are harder to kidnap.
its only right.
#favmoviequote: Blue horseshoe loves andecott steel' Wall Street...
This is gonna be so stupid.
i suddenly got hungry....
It's Participate correctly please.
Watching The Goblet of Fire - can't wait till Thursday at midnight!!
Oh just at cheer pratice!:)
Dear Austin, I fell in love with you in 2011. I'll stay by your side in 2012. I promise I won't leave you in 2013. & I'll marry you in 2014.
If I could turn back the hands of time
Perfect! I knew I could count on you for some solid info. You ever been down to the Derby?
: the #illy Scuro capsules have become an addiction!
Hmm who wants to go bowling Thursday ?
I'll go the bragging route.
maybe since your play....I'm just sayin...
AMAZING photo! And captures you so well. :)
what's wrong with you fam?
RT Slipping, dammit. Today my milkshake only brought 79% of the boys to the yard.
What's the worst rap lyric ever? Could it be "Hey, Hey, I'm Simone, and I ain't no clone" or "Hi, I'm Kyle, I can smile for miles"? Which?
Even in 100 degree weather, women must still maintain a professional image. Our male counterparts do.
Bahahahahaha I appreciate it.
I use twitter 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
in my opinion ur the greatest girl to walk the face of the earth:)
"Strapped Down My Bed. Feet Cold And Eyes Red. I'm Out My Head." "Am I Alive, Am I Dead?!" From The Song, "Rosetta Stoned" by TOOL.
RT : Good luck to all the students during finals!
Thanks for the RT, Chris. Have a great week!
yup any time
Im staring at the mess I made as you walked away
; I really want the Take Care album .. I'm broke though ):
Thanks to all who bought Flying Colors today. Neal will autograph first 200 instead of 100 as an extra Thank You.
Next show is 102.9 The Buzz "Friday Night Live" show at Red Rooster in Nashville, TN on May 11th!!! Show @ 7:30. Come out!!!
LOve you my love please follow me please :D
Come see us at the tradeshow booth or look for our street team
do u record any?
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I'm in love with him, but fake like I don't.
wahoo same here now I'm not alone
Same. I've graded his test before ;P
Watched "Nazis at the Center of the Earth" (2012). Nazi #zombies prepare to launch the new Reich. "Sucks a**" is unduly generous.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Been doing my own chronological viewing of Truffaut. Would love see his work profiled on the show one day.
FOR REAL!! But for the record, no cats.
Alarm clocks are the worst fuck you in the morning
Remember that happiness is a way of travel - not a destination. - Goodman, Roy M.
Public speaking is the art of diluting a two-minute idea with a two-hour vocabulary. ~Evan Esar
Grindin like a space case
Had a lovely evening at the New England Conservatory on Sat. It reminded me what I love about the human race.
It is really soon, but unless a movement against teams is done, I don't see this reversing. I think teams would've been ok year 2
Just out of work& hearing about Rose! Tore my ACL&had surgery,heart goes out when I hear about someone else. Hope a speedy recovery!
TOUCHDOWN VEGAS!!
Lifes what you make it so let's make it right
Thanks for the follow
This week is fabulous.
Keep working #Bulls!
Yeah, well FUCK YOU.
Thank you for the retweet!
In December we will be open on Sundays from 9 am - 2 pm. Stop by the store and enjoy lunch or do some shopping.
Thanks for pointing out that internship cuz
was the mole inflamed?
Wait, what??
Fuck the Bears.
Fasho , I'm working on the beat NOW !
#dwts if Derek and Maria go home, ppl will riot!!!! This is BS!!! Donald and Maria can out dance william ANYDAY!!!!
At today's meeting, the international visitors were unanimously impressed by the level of collaboration by and other organizations.
<----- #shoutout! Awesome team
Congratulations! You'll love it. Glad to have you as part of the L&C family!
Nothing endures but change.
Street lights are out on the 19-2100 blocks of Madison Ave. We are working on this but it won't hurt if you fill a 311 request too!
french toast for dinner? I'm thinking YES <3
What the MSNBC need to do is top complaining about #RevWright and start talking about #Romney religion and everyone he associated with....
Im not too sure what ratchet means But if its drinking &getting wild im dowwwn! ": Me & need to get ratchet! <U+0001F46F>"
Watching my most favorite movie of all time. :)
Oh thats so sweet! Plz pass my wishes for a Happy Anniversary to your grandparents.
wow your lucky to already be done haha
IM TRYING TO FIND SOME FOLLOWERS WHO HAVE NEVER HEARD OF THIS #TATTOOMUSIC I SPEAK OF
So Alex Gordon apparently hates winning?
: Hahahaha. That was probably us. Oh man :)
u look familiar... do we no eachotha
What's everyone doing for the Superbowl? Hope you all have a great night!
all you had to do was say you wanted me instead of subtweetin' me ;) jk!
hi c:
That's awesome girl :) Are you competing in kick next year?!
Social media will be a better marketing tool than email in 3-5 years -Ricky Choi
I never have, but I see it on the Travel Channel and Food Network all the time. Thus, realizing that my life is not complete
definitely interested in the test
i'll probably be in magic kingdom at some point during the day, we usually go every night we're in disney
And we were tired of being mild.
I'm great! How are you? Miss you guys! :)
fucking unicorn MILITARY.They've accepted our worship and betrayed us.
There was a gay baby born today in mr. Fallens class
madd i gotts ta study al night...and my last paper due tomorrow.
jen, thanks so much. i'm super excited to make the back yard cozy and fun.
We are at the Learning Impact conference in Long Beach today. Come by our booth for a demo & chance to win Dr. Dre headphones
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
oh okay..
Geiger is a huge hire for UWM. He oversaw a lot of facilities being built at OSU.
Tonight its live music with "loudhouse" come on out and have some fun
Damn Brandon Morrow is the Jays secret weapon
Career/Business enhancing #SHRM events coming up! We'll keep you informed & look fwd to growing our connection with you! ^EB
A metal show, a hip hop show & a gay club all in one night
What am I gonna do with my life when Daniel goes to UCF <U+0001F623><U+0001F622>
The day follows me, Is the day the world ends ... But i can wait
Why am I awake?!
Villanova digital library team digitizes items for partners for free. #thatcampphilly (VU Stuff attendees know this.) Go VU!
court awareness.. where are your FEET!!!
I'm here waiting by the gates!!!! #BetterWithChicago !
On this day in 1943 was the last 0-0 tie in the NFL (Detroit and NY Giants) Hopefully the Bears and Eagles will give us a better match
is a #FAIL on #HBOGo three movies and streaming died on all.
San Antonio is ranked 7th in the nation in fastest growing metros for exports according to the Brookings Institute.
i will sleep goodnight ;D
looking back at my facebook from like 2 years ago and wondering..why was I so weird?..
Dirty talk? How about a dirty tweet? ;-)
just witnessed a hit and run... shame!
seeing one of those rooftop cars get smashed never gets old.
Until I do, you can't go wrong with anything from Live at Wynn, Glastonbury, or Roseland!
OMG I am gonna miss your braces I love the braces look so sad so sad! :(
Anyone ever sit and just watch the world in all its beauty?
Found all families in Calhoun County Alabama , Roanoke VA and in Doughtery County, GA. Now will take a breather.
#sschat just popping in & out. Lots to do tonight
How does one ask that in a building with lots and lots of people?
but what are you writing about? prep stuff for the big upcoming PUB DATE???!!! :)
good for you! Good luck.
WE LOVE , & his music too!
Im crying so bad when someone u luv is hurting ur hurting im crying real bad :(
I'd you live in #Fishers Indiana then the State Rep debate at 7 pm is THE place to be. See you there!
We look forward to your visit!
oh you know just the usual youthful rebelling against authority figures. Ha!
Math, science, history, unraveling the mystery ...
<U+201C>To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life." W. Londen
I think you might just be right <U+2026>
Here comes the Sun yeah Fun Friday! Off to Daytona Beach!
In the office squeezing meetings into the ERA D2C schedule. In two weeks, it will all be over and I'll be on the plane home.
For great #wine chat
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I dont know about you but Im looking forward to eating corned beef (hopefully some soda bread) & hangin w/ friends
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 11
#808Pride god wanted us to b happy so dont be mad when he breaks up with u cause its just means ur 1step closer to :P
Hey, atleast Rondo didn't heave the ball at the referees head. Imagine how bad that would've looked..
come u did that
I'm chill though.
Still debating about keeping the prayer group and may have to write a DM.. Just want to do God's will.
Woohoo! Done with everything. Now, just gotta wait half an hour for the bus.
love Sinatra though, used it a few times now, sweet spot of only worrying about the details I want to, no more no less
<U+201C>: When you're feeling at your lowest, raise your hands to God the highest.<U+201D>
Hi comrades . . . . I really miss all you guys, sorry I was recently very busy in preparation for exams in June next.
Please tell David to relax and breathe. Have a rockin' Friday!
Who wants to go halfers on some Reese's Cup's?
lmao why what I do?!
Thank GOD, Yes, Life is good. I'm Rocking as always, Performing, DJing, Top 40 Int'l Music with all my greatest Talents & Performers (Int'l<U+2026>
MS Word suggests I replace "helluva" with beluga. I would, but then my story would go in an entirely different direction.
RT : Hawaii has the best water patrol in the world, these guys know their shit
The only way around is through.
got anything special planned?
Double OT at da Garden. Solid.
It has been my honor.
God is great and follow those who love him and follows his advice.
Free breakfast at chick-fil-a haha i love it <3
At the gym
Don't envy other's success! You have no idea what past hardships or present struggles they've had to endure to get there.
to grab a club outfit
Let's Network a Bit-- RT this for a week full of shoutouts:
Time for spin class!!!
Mine was perhaps past prime and had more than its fair share of bitterness. I found it interesting, though.
after having worked w/her daughter on speech & language developmt throughout her life. So lucky to be in a field where ppl shed happy tears!
Would have liked to hear more about instructional design from the first speaker in this panel. That the tools exist isn't enough info
The pull out method, it's all about confidence. Compliments of Matt Stankiewicz
Nope--trying to stick with airplane mode & wi-fi only. Seeing the lack of Internet access, that may have been a mistake.
It was, huh? ;) RT Today I went for a swim in the Charles, it was wonderful!
Petition to get off Twitter #stopCole ;-)
he'd probably say somebody needs to fix the truck.
why is the ocean salty?
National Champions!
Wow! What a tremendous learning experience.
Greg Via didn't get the jacket, no tie memo that the rest of the panel got. Conference fashion runs the gamut of full suits to jeans.
I'm guessing that means "Hurry up, please!"
Dr. Lans has been voted one of No. Va.'s TOP DENTISTS. Call today and when you visit, bring your coupon for special introductory savings.
Please send comments/suggestions/ideas to
Great advice to start the day!!!
Word. RT : Wrote/filed 900 words in less than hour . Thought I was pretty buck then realized sportwriters do that every night.
Can't begin to explain how thankful I am for the #USARMEDFORCES. God bless each and every service member. I am forever grateful.
you got all night :)
I have been working & I'm back in GA too baby daddy lol. We need to kick it I miss you dude !
: "Getting up early to go slay some trout!" eeewwwwwww dreeewwwwwww
Dont forget to mention the 1000 unemployed that can never be hired because the capital to invest in it went to taxes instead.
ME TO
Wow. Um... I mean wow... Really. I'm flattered so many people jumped on the Third Person Twittertrail today. Ty to all of you. :)
Well then I better get on the hard living ASAP! Pass the meth and the hookers and the pit bulls please
Wow cleveland can't make a free throw! Memphis wins.......
Speaking of which, someone recently who told me that some Michiganders find that term offensive. What?
Hahah. I'm the exact same way. Exact same way.
Haha indeed! I have been slacking on my political tweet rants lately, but you'll see them again :)
everything and nothing all at the same time.
batman batman
Did you know a Thinsulate lined leather shooting glove loses 30% of its heat in just 9 minutes outside? (33F, 8mph wind).At 59 its painful.
Cummings opposes #GOP budget reconciliation bill that would take an additional $80 billion out of pockets of middle-class American families
The best things in life are so simple. Just getting outside, in the fresh air and sunshine, does wonders for mind, body and soul.
God on my heart, money on my mind
I probably won't make the pool today, but might be grabbing drinks later - this beer bar in little 5 heard was tops
Going to the north shore :)
tx for props
please don't tell me you go every day lol
": hell no!!! NEVER!!" Every girl wants him!
Doesn't have to be "retributive," but part of the ethic of generosity. Collaboration & attribution go together
Beautiful day to walk or run through the park!
gotcha thought it was free lol I could but you know it's not in the budget. (Dave Ramsey voice)
any y'all wanna get breakfast haha
"arent we a little old for toys?" "it says eight and up. Thats us!"
Safe House was insane.
Men Are From Foursquare, Women Are From Facebook | MarketingProfs Daily Fix Blog...
Livewire 2: On Fire, new music festival happening now at UMBC - Tanosaki/Richards Duo tonight - bit.ly/tFCe1
I will be so thankful when this season of sheep rain has passed!
It's strange to root for Harvard and feel like you're rooting for the "underdogs."
Total nesting mode
Hello #RadioWaves keeping updated with ? make sure to follow them on twitter and "like" them facebook.com/radioforthepeople
Drawn together. And not pulling away!
At dan electro's guitar bar in the heights listenin to eric demmer and the sax dogs. Incredible!
dag nabit; I need six stars by god!
#HAPPYBIRTHDAY TO ME AND TO #ALEXANDERMCQUEEN *<]=D
Yes we are stand J310 featuring our new collaboration with Nina Campbell by And So To Bed. Come meet us. Larry & Michel
Add incline to your workouts. Running uphill will burn more calories, strengthen your leg muscles and build your endurance.
iamjacquees I Swear I Love This Song "Keke Twist My Hair" I Have It On My IPhone Mp3 Player Computer Ps3 Xbox 360 I Have It On Everything!
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor!!!
Well I don't plan on making that face very often :]
Mormon's react to student novel, that parents claim has "anti-mormon" message. Will the book be removed from the read list? Watch CBS19
your hologram needs a software update
When your told this might be your last summer in kansas because ur moving.
when do you perform
Alexander McQueen Savage Beauty- stunning.
when your sitting there & your friend goes to the bathroom so you just look around the room like a lost puppy. #ShitJustGotAwkward .
Which district do you live in?
I tell it differently!
Talk that #Netflix is a buyout target. Kind of like MySpace. PO the customers, suck the money out & sell. Suckers.
you already know. <U+270C>
I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga.
NOW I'm expecting a follow back. I unfollowed for you.
Super awkward when people face you instead of the door in elevators...
Beaten paths are for beaten men. -- Eric Johnson
are u going both days?
Hashtags. While all of you out there are asking "Why?" My response is simple. "Why not?"
For some reason, today, I find the very idea of Steak-umm to be hilarious.
The #horriblemoment when you're laying down and you #realize that you have to drop the kids off at the pool!
Have we lowered the bar so low that men are not even required to use self control
so excited for you... :)
I wanna muff this bitch at work in the back of her head, she lucky i need my job!
where are the fags you fuck
5rts anyone?! :)x
had a great #audition and thanks all the candidates who came and showed their talents!
Hey Andrew, thanks for the feedback. Do you have a few minutes to hop on chat in the next couple days so I can learn more? -Buster
Thanks to
I feel like my head went to the gutter on that one lol
I need to get to follow me again ;)
thanks for the mention
Made a new discovery last night... Terry Gibbs is a Jew!
Are you kidding? I was ecstatic when that ball went out.
Happy birthday, ! Beliebers love you! Thanks for sticking by Justin. You are an amazing friend to him! <3 have a great day!
Thanks for the signed t-shirt yesterday I'll wear it w/pride. Go #butler!
we haven't been on because of school , and some problem , moved & stuff . Now we live in new York . Per mentally
dont spam me. literally, so yeah, i dont enjoy viruses but thanks anyways
Racket ball is the best sport ever! I seriously have my racket and goggles in my trunk just in case I find some place to play
"One of the functions of government is to allow and facilitate the unfettered pursuit of happiness." Doug Blackmon
last thing before I go ..I don't know if this #alicebucketlist is for real, but I guess I'll jump on that too.
Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread
Followed! We'll chat soon. Happy weekend!
please tell Mama Irigoyen Happy Mother's Day for me!! :)
was that today?
Hope the fish are biting for you tomorrow. Enjoy it!
You've pinpointed the moment I became aware of Michael Keaton.
Too late, she probably just got 100,000 tweets, lol
strawberries en route
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELLEN!!!! LET'S GO SAINTS!!
yo! how are ya? just finished up a movie in Dec, we should meet up sometime soon!
So I was driving home from work and boyfriend came on. made me think of you.
Much better.
anyone want to text bomb someone for me?
Were playing a rock n roll concert saturday at the riviera. See you there.
#RIPWhitneyHouston You will be missed.
Nice try, Barnes & Noble. I DO want the new JK Rowling book, but I'm not paying for it till it's released ON SEPTEMBER 27.
i would love it but i need to talk to my husband tonite :-)
i love you so much for getting me the gig on saturday. you're the best ever!!
And maybe they don't like beer. But those helmet ice creams were legit.
like how the next two gigs both have buffets of food. First taco bar in Whitehouse, then peeg roast in Pataskala!
Geez it's like summer here in #abq today I almost want to go work outside in the yard.
"Hey hey! Ho Ho! Exception in thread 'main' java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.NullPointerException!"
We thank and honor all those who have sacrificed for our freedom. We will always be grateful.
I miss too! And thank you!!
Boy meets world is such a classic sitcom.
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
Its kinda nice out
Golf Oscar Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Echo Lima Foxtrot
don't keep me in suspense, solution is?
See ya soon! RT I am up & at em on a Saturday! 1st stop... Starbucks! 2nd stop.... Zumba-Thon at
Thank you for that link! I need to do exactly the same thing this month.
Show of hands for #FPF tomorrow.
WHOOP WHOOP WELCOME to TWITTER!!!
- there's no shortage of Mike's huh?
don't worry we shipped a little something today for you guys to tweet about :-)
RT : Seeking on-location lifestyles #photographer in #Sacramento/foothills area. Pls forward recommendations. Thx!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms Out Here On Their Job
Happy autumn everyone! Love those fall colors.
love it! very similar to j.crew one:)
lol RT 62% of companies outsource their content marketing
if anyone wants to order avon order here www.youravon.com/jszydlowski
is there a cable outage in fresh meadows?
I've not really gotten into it this year
I'm sure that I will love it.
it's those mean reds... And all you can do is go to Tiffany's
What's a "Santorum"?
Virgin america wants me to enjoy "our nation's seat" in going to dc. that seems naughty somehow...
good on u 2 b outraged at our brave soldiers murders even if 2 advance your ulterior motives & devious agenda.
My husband's optimistic perspective: RT : Using and all in one day. What a fun adventure.
Middle of the night updates!
in the beginning I thought the score seemed about right. After this week, not so much!
: we'd be happy to give you a shoutout on our blog. Got underwear pics?
yo, have y'all seen my video yet?
Cannot wait For #Believe!! #40DAYS..HURRY UPP!!!(:
#askToni-i have lupus & I'm trying to stay optimistic b/c I've got a lot of lbs to lose.Thanks 4 sharing your story!
Heading to nashville this weekend for the NWTF convention.
get them to give me the shout outs instead! I just won a playoff game!
Tiger has already been in them in person. Shaft, Balls, and all. Tiger Woods is the man! #chronictigermasterbater Here!
Good evening, Irving! Hope to catch you on your doorstep tonight.
Mama always said<U+2026> when you<U+2019>re laughing out loud, you<U+2019>re healing your soul !
Diets don't work! You need to change your lifestyle and the way U look at food. Our Transitions program is there to support U in this change
this sounds snarky, but i'm honestly asking: why can't you talk to them when you're with guy friends?
Follow. Follow. Follow.
great choices! <U+201C>: Ben Folds or Brad Paisley!!!<U+201D>
Yep, more: And special thx to who's tweeted her Brit booty off at
I feel like taking off the steel bracelet on my Nardin and going with the blue croc, too bad I can't find it!!! #BMF :( Still looking...
Carla: Need to keep track of production history and all digital surrogates so others can verify findings in digital lab notebook.
Still haven't found the perfect Mother's Day present? Take advantage of our Mom's Day giftcard bonus!!! Get 15% MORE!!
Had an aha moment during Reaching Forward yesterday. Will be creating a Wikipedia page for my library.
Getting started at bookclub talking about how to make change when change is hard.
DEAR MONEY, I love u!
Just got off the treadmill and checked the mail and got excited about camel coupons ... Im ridiculous
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much, cause that too much, can hurt SO much.
Any bars in #boston showing #wwe Wrestlemania this Sunday?
Oof, yeah, I had a pretty crazy Fri-Mon this past weekend. Coming back off of it is good at least.
haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol
The hardest part of getting to the bottom of yourself is knowing what lies above and ahead of you.
RT : Powerful presentation by Nisha today @ #HA2012, will look @ similar analysis in our work with
can't wait for tonight!
Just bought Austin Mahones first single:)
I used dye and koolaid
Game off. Bush league bullshit. Unbelievable.
That's how he started his college career. He moved back as new talent arrived.
Long afternoon and night ahead cementing out the rats from my neighbors side
Im nervous
Stay tuned for more info on the job front....
so cute! MUAH
thanks! Yeah, we're from Detroit, but we travel to Germany often and do some ministering out there! :)
home for the weekend
Wow, those look great. What camera do you use? I have 1 good lens, a Tamron 90mm 1:1 macro.
Having money doesn't make you cool!...a concept niggas fail to understand.
Who's ready 2 see me 4 Green Week! I can help U hit a home run on your energy bills! Take that, ! www.smartenergypays.com
thankd for the RT, have a good night!
Me: it looks like it's wrapped in toilet paper My mom: Aye Valeria! Hahaha
It is very difficult for illegal immigrants in the US who are caught breaking the law, especially if they have children who are citizens...
Have a great day! Will b thinking of u guys! MT : Up and at 'em this morning. Let's do this
just 2 :) I only played, in matches, at 2. Regardless, still a good move for UWM.
bet how many games did we win?
Hello! I'm whoorli. Join our new community today!
Brrrr.. dudes talk the most crap in the barber shop.. n they watching "CHEATERS" On all the t.v.'s >.< lmao
All the hoopers be from out of state :) lol
JUST realized what this tweet was referring to i think...UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN!
now, it's to move to san diego, surf all day & bartend at night
YTB Mentoring School. Attend with 1 friend, one time/month in person. If you don't have 500 in your team U get a RangeRover Evoque & $2K/mo.
it HURTS! dont u get it?!
Welcome John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines back to Broadway! 's THE COLUMNIST starts previews tonight!
two best days of the sports year today and tomorrow...hands down..
thanks for your photography today!
10 hours of battery life, 9 hours on 4G
Beautiful people.
hoes like that are called "R A T S"
That song and a few others are on iTunes. I'm working on a full length project now ;) But you can always share those videos
Also, I think that cigar was called, "Acid", great name, eh?
Will you be upgrading to Windows 7?
go to their wall on facebook. Down a day or two.
We want to hear from you! Mention us with what colors you'd like to see for the next shirt - _____(PrintColor) on _____(ShirtColor)
The 5,000 sq ft Sharp Hospital green roof is finally complete. I'm so proud of our team: Pari Ryan,Todd Nelson & Danny Barttels. Many kudos!
I did pretty good in fantasy football this week!
Okay that makes sense now!
Are you back in LA anytime soon?
Add me on draw something! Kelseysue56 :)
Cancer Patients Suffer Unnecessary Pain
my dad wants to go to the zoo with me and nicki.
UW-Whitewater up 36-26 at half. Final Four on the line.
Hoping for him to Unfollow me! You know who you are :) hahah
Hey! How were the Turbo Fruits last night? Awesome, I hope. I just couldn't summon the energy after 4 consecutive nights out
someone just needs to photoshop a "king douche" crown onto it.
Thanks for the follow. We would love to see some digital Japanese #stamps displayed And the #letters of Japan too
20 minutes in and Algeria vs US is scoreless (with another controversial disallowed goal against the US) and England is up 1-0 on Slovenia
Manchester City wins English Premier League title JPMorgan CIO who will be kidnapped with Justice
of meeting someone new!
Got home & fave Prince song came on when I parked, gonna stay right here & jam til it's over "act your age not your shoe size.."
Happy 18th Birthday, Beautiful Daughter #1 !!!!
Strep throat is bad.
same thing happened to that #iranelection fad :/
Pre #artofbeer jitters. I've been up Since 530 am thinking of all the rare beers, food, and friends coming today
Up to six inches in some places is expected.
RT : i always put my hands on my hips in pics because it is a scary sight if i don't
Too much Halloween candy? Take 5 days to wean yourself off sugar & refined carbs by eating lots of fresh fruit and veggies instead.
OMG just prank called us! NO you can't have pets in the convention center!
Two dentist appointments in a week... School time....
Did I say I cut myself on a box at work today it still stings and I was bleeding significantly costumers were handn me bandaids n everything
S/O for that followback
We'll be in Staten Island w/ volunteers to plant thousands of trees tmrw w/ , ,
Bahahaha, i don't even talk to him anymore so Idc what he says haha
i heard bella and zendaya were going to texas but i forget when and where in texas i saw it online somewhere
Sweet - you can turn off group MMS on iPhone! What an annoying feature.
Abigail you need to learn how to do a country accent <3 I swear u would sound adorable
2013 OL prospect Tate Leavitt involved in his community. RT : Time to umpire.
I'm a #Hoosier so I'm pulling for the !
R.I.P. #dickclark.. The world will miss u.
NEW SHOW Apr Sat 30 Mudhoney, Bloodloss, The Monkeywrench, Green River $25. Tell Mark you love his work!
Oh so you took a picture licking your best friend's face? You must be so "close"
Making some laundry soap this morning! Ever try handmade laundry soap? It's awesome....you only need 1 tablespoon/load & NO fabric softener!
Dear unfollowers, go plank on the highway :D <3 xoxo
RT : Should I be concerned that everyone on this call sheet has a stunt double except for me?
Thanks to for the support you have shown to Dr. Riba's Health Club over the years!!
A Bob Marley story on 4/20? Well played,
why love? :o
50-90% off #local area #Denver businesses #ThatsWhatIWant has you covered!
made plans, catching up with a friend noonish, and want to say hi to the birthday boy afterwards. Perhaps I can squeeze her in?
yup, it's great, I'm going to look for the rest of that show later and watch
"Mayday!" "What the heck is that?" "May Day? Why, that's the Russian New Year! We can have a parade and serve hot hors d'oeuvres..."
Who has 2 thumbs and has a icee, dis girl!!!
... Cris Carter's admission about taking out protection "bounties" on opposting players who threatened him is violently irresponsible.
gay english project
Today, I found out my white American History teacher also plays streetball at Rucker Park. MLINY
love you sister
Helping fill the needs of people who want or need to learn English or Spanish in Las Vegas and beyond - especially in the workplace...
They love them some NICKI (;
you think all those roads you drive on, food you can safely eat, medication you can safely take are free. Government is working...
I was 13 when this joint came out.
Once heard an officer dispatched for an angry 911 caller. Caller couldn't remember the words to "Boot Scootin' Boogie"
Its a beautiful day throughout the great state of Georgia; from Lookout Mountain to Plains to Savannah's River Street.
About cost & funding of opendata; Public officials want outcomes & proof that it's worth $ Digi-planners accept the challenge
Afternoon business meeting! Talking new ideas, get excited! :)
so ready for school.<3 I decided i'm gunna make the right decision.. (:
sjdhbdciwkdkpfkeksmjdkskdj you're doing a collab? :'')
#drinkingsig is where you'll find your kindred boozebrarians at
just realized I might be in Toronto that weekend faaaaack
This is me. RT : "Sacrificers" like to overwork but don't feel appreciated. Show them some love to keep positivity up.
6 THINGS I SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I'm ready to go home!
DM We have a solution in development any school district should be able to afford. Is there a way we can talk?
LOVE WAS MADE FOR ME AND YOU!!!!!
that's not true. I use it all the time! ;)
Love is a better teacher than duty. - Albert Einstein
My hair is really dark! I like it though. :)
The much needed rain has put us in a holding pattern. No repairs scheduled for today. We will schedule repairs for later in the week.
CHRISTINA, STOP TRYING TO GET PITY VOTES OK
Maybe I'll be ready to come back by Sun...
you good young brother? What's upcoming?
boo. I will buy you a cup of coffee if you tell me what you don't like about Heartbroker and how to fix it.
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood
Happy memorial day every one
"If you dont make a goal, Im not feeding you for the next 24 hours!!"
Thx to all my new follwers. Good Morning.
omg. Lucky.
#edt246 i liked how his family joined the cause helping him to read, forming a new community of practice around that instead of appalachia
t.r.u. women too!
This new season of Mad Men is alot like third love.
My dad made it through Irene unscathed, but he said that the Hudson and Mohawk Rivers are the highest he's ever them.
A view from our kitchen window: October 3
Awesome! Love you amiga!
Beautiful day today!!! Enjoying cocktails with the friends on 3rd Ave in Bayridge!!
Its time to release the beast!.. Where the eff is my Monster?!
If Yanks sign both Ibanez and Chavez is Nunez out ?
ahahaha you stalker(;
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
And at least we can all agree Aliens is great, even if it's not the favorite
I'm so sad bout Whitney.i want 2 say Gone too soon but i no: our steps are ordered by the lord.. whitney Elizabeth Houston - Well Done! RIP
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, they don't work out.<U+201D>
I predict the email I just got from is the best - and most important - email that will grace my inbox all week. #kickball > work
Mention this post at the Cow tonight and get a tasty $5 rita! Giddy Up!
- the Obama Admin has stopped defending DOMA, and the IN Repubs have pulled their Right to Work for Less bill. Its a decent day.
Starting #Singinintherain I could definitely use a good musical, here's hoping it delivers :)
Really interesting overview of coffee and brewing - hope they keep this up, it's great education about food.
Check out The Real Triliogy I new video feat. Layzie Bone on Youtube
If you're looking at my phone while I'm typing something, you may get elbowed in the face (it's gonna hurt).
I dunno, the one you created seems pretty epic. Sets the bar high
And why did Wade look like he really was about to fight??
Damn just took all of my piercings out...i feel naked without them :(
Why is a shutout inning too much to ask for
Good morning to you!
Good Morning! {{{HUGZ}}}
Pudge Bros was my fav pizza in ABQ ! Don't knock it till u try it! (Haven't tried it in over a decade. Probably knockable.)
I suppose my 'netmask' test was flawed. Good to know it was as easy as apt-get install netmask ;)
Keep Sneezing -.-
I know!! But don't worry... #plankwarsround2 will commence soon!
"I'm embarrassed... about how good mine is" -
I've walked by there at least once a week for the last two years -- I have to try it! Thanks!
and I ain't write a book but after u, I can read every female like a book! #100 lol #100 y'all are very predictable lol
first time! coworker gave rave reviews, so I thought it was about time. any suggestions?
Did IT forget to turn on mobile blackboard or is it gone for good? Anyone know?
Left is Right | Bulgaria's Next Envoy to Switzerland to Quit Left-Wing Party - Sofia News Agency
Considering a pedal buying spree. FullDrive 2 Mosfet coming this afternoon. What next?
will you be at school tomorrow?
10 days until Opening Day. Best time of the year.
Wow what a day! Phone calls with advisors and friends. Lots of good advice. Grateful!! Looks like I'm moving to the South :)
People who buy coffee mainly at drive through windows on their way to work spend as much as 2 days a year waiting in line.
To the people walking out of culvers, I'm sorry for saying "how was everything tonight?"
The Weeknd is ethiopian? wow come down
Made some great gunshot sounds and made my cat's purr sound like a huge demon. Fun with
On the road of life, I'd rather wear out than rust out.
Pretty sure it's Donald Pleasence's hologram. I heard every mid-tier celebrity that died in 1995 automatically gets one.
So curious about people buying hoodies and shirts that state places they've been. Is your memory of Montauk insufficient?
you can't drive
not sure why people still think i give a shit
ladies and gentlemen, mccarthy was right. This country has been in-fil-trated.
Misdirected last tweet. Sorry.
Why am I so sad? I just want to cry
follow me:)
We need to get on our station ASAP
#warhammeronline #harcoregaming EVEN BETTER!! I don't have pepper spray but I will by tonight.. and a taser for each time you lvl
Arab participation in Israeli education system is increasing dramatically. -Hazzan.
Omg this coffee is delish
Missed you again today at Union South! But I'll be there at least twice/month this year so I'll eventually run into you!
Maybe today I'll break through to 200 followers?
just want to say, I love your show.. It is very smart and hard talk too.. Love the debates and the opinions on both sides....
Also: Hawaii
Fe = iron. Male = man. Therefore, I am Iron Man!
Developers, you know what would be #useful? #hashtag alerts, for conversations I might be interested in
haha i know I'm sorry
Great weekend! Saw old friends &made new ones @ the PAFF Market.Saw Safe House:)attended genealogy wrkshp & a friends b'day party. Good time
mr. sun please shine your rays on me today.
But really Brian?? Really???!
I've lost 2 pounds since Wed! Making it 7# lost in Oct! Total: 30# this yr!! Btwn mile+ walk w/MTM & awesome V3: feeling gr8, loving this!
Southern ladies can be genteel but dont rile them up per Tamron Hall
With the anniversary of 9/11 coming up, I just wanted to wish the world some Peace. No more fear. Have a good one everyone.
It's $5.00 Mondays-every film tonight is (you guessed it) five dollars!
My last name sounds Chinese, ahaha.
He said something about being able to harness the power of the sun and ripping open the space time continuum or something like that.
Oh well, the difference is stunning.
Hello. Yes it was me. It was a while ago, though - what did you have in mind? I should still have the script somewhere.
Apr is Volunteer Appreciation Month! THANKS to all that have helped grow the MKE affiliate! We will WIN the fight against pancreatic cancer
I just understood that :) I'm so proud of myself.
#twitterpeopleIlove Miley, Demi, Justin (no homo, fan of the musik), Selena, Drake, Wayne, Jason Derulo, etc...
Using Google Docs at 12noon is cancelled...bummer!
i want to put that picture of you on hurrr
i am going to rip my eyes out oh my god too much homework literally 180 questions
S/O to and for letting us be great in
This is the most stressful part of the year.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear your voice and in a video and think..Is that really what I sound like to other people?
Wish I was with my second family but I'm glad see the first family
how is this Wednesday?
Heading to DC, soon, to attend the ISTE/CoSN Washington Education Technology Policy Summit. Any thoughts I should share with Congress reps
Royals win!
exactly. Can't wait
i'll pray before bed tonight & maybe he will ;) I'll make my way to that end of the table if he does... <3333333
Caliber, depth and breadth of live music talent is way off the scale here in Austin,TX w performers here from all o'r the world for
follow back plz? you used 2 follow me but 4 some reason you unfollowed me so...can we be twitter friends? :)
I'm going to carry around a microphone hooked to a guitar pedal that lowers my voice one octave whenever i need it.
Shellfish initiative in the works
PSA test in 50-plus males fails to conclusively distinguish between benign (BPH) and cancerous prostates. Digital exam remains status quo.
Forget guerilla marketing. Think relationship building. Forget selling to your market. Think serving your market. - Chad Timothy
It was a great evening-thanks so much! / RT : How did we do?
What is the best recruiting video you've seen?
I think you are right, unless you consider MLK or President's Day as "non-working" holidays ;).
we hope your date night with was a good one! Thnx for choosing Ryleighs!
What a look..LMAO !!
Nice to have you with us; what from her talk are you still 'chewing on' out of curiosity?
Our film this Saturday is TWELVE O'CLOCK HIGH, starring Gregory Peck in a #WWII tale of aerial combat. Starts at 1PM!
Congrats to Octavia Spencer on receiving her first Oscar!
We only see what we choose to see.
are you a slut?
thanks homie. It's been good.
What tie should I wear at the District conference? I want to look sharp when I'm up on stage.
The new site looks cool, and I do like the new features. I do miss having access to seeing Friends posts. Will that be available soon
3 years: Over/Under on how long it takes Justin Bieber to develop alcoholism and a cocaine addiction?
happy birthday <3 I hope you have an amazing day (:
When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man
Glad to hear that. You always feel better after yoga :)
Drabek just entered the courtroom.
I am considering going back to using Outlook b/c my eyes hurt from looking at the screen. And I can't even change the theme!
Please RT ... Put your phone down & drive safely. April is Driver Distraction Awareness month.
Do you have a facebook..?
"For the past 3 years, email newsletters and alerts have been the number 1 source of information for hill staff, esp. morning"
HEAVY D I MUST SEE THIS PERFORMANCES !!!!!!!!!!!!
Those who are humble enough to know they must learn a new skill will succeed in this new age.
Ha ha! It probably does. ;-) Tell me what you think after you're done!
i rally cant wait to see LET IT SHINE
are you alright? you seem upset
RT If the state proposes that it be allowed to shoot you in the leg&you talk them down to "stab"this is not really a victory
is back from the beach and switching into job-search mode.
Thanks for the mention & RT
yes I am
Michael tried to convince me Neil Diamond's "turn on your heart light" was on the soundtrack to E.T. Wiki says "inspired by"
Auction time!
Why do i stummer when am talkn to girls.its so hard:'(.
nothing much jus chillin on mg my day off :) how about you?
Leadership Florence 2012 was great today. Learned lots about education opportunities in our area from very dedicated professionals.
Had a good night!!Getting a few hours of shut eye!!
Going out... But where to?? Watching cable while getting ready!! Wool fallout new bagasse on the 19th!!!
This convo I'm stuck hearing<<<<
My valentine gift goin be simple and sweet
this week is going to be great! I'm tapping into my positive energy reservoirs that have not been used in a while. <U+0001F603>
Being introduced by a former student (one much smarter than me) is very cool.
ahaha ! Go to sleep freak !
Ugh i'm helping my friends move and they just turned off the wifi. I'll call you later. We must talk
NFL great Jim Brown calls Alabama's Trent Richardson "ordinary." Crimson Tide fans blow gasket. Jim Brown is now trending.
** Free at walmart & Sam's, watch www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk, enroll at www.dowsite.info need help call corky 417-358-1250
Dear Nonprofits, if you're not at the #TejanoMonument, you're missing out on a great opp to learn the history/culture of Latinos in Austin.
Which is very awkward for her sister, Claire Buick Howard.
watching Poetic Justice w/o the curse words <<<<<<
Looking at shit in a different view but without my glasses
Sorry Mitt, thats an old one!!
RT from Aren't People who are 'perfect' just failures at failing? Tavis vs. the dark lord
Some Beliebers are saying they can stay up all night & argue? Wow. I'm actually mature enough to stop replying & go to sleep!
I hope you know I miss you and your cute "good morning" texts. <3
Is it bad that I really don't care that today could be the last day of school? Nah, who am I kidding.
lets go shopping on thursday, ok? Btw is Barbara :)
the other part of my brain is Ruxin.
Pinterest is so addicting!
If I give in to the Avengers then I'll be rewarded with another 3D Herzog. click heels<U+2026> click heels...
1/2 Great Horned Owls are by far more common and Great Grey Owls are mainly found in Canada. Unless she was in...
If there are degrees of asshole, I'm the pressing the crosswalk button even after watching you do it because maybe you did it wrong kind.
Old friend just said she's sorry I had to go through Cancer. I'm not. Taught me never be ashamed of my Faith or say I love you. I need both.
I'm going!!! I'm SO fuckin stoked! Can't wait till the 14th of feb :) gonna sing along with every song :)
Watching Billy and Mandy. :)
we are don't even worry aboit that :)
Last chance try our eye trackers & learn about AOIs on dynamic content after Susan's talk- Otherwise please find us @ smivision.com
Sitting here w/ my niece x she tlks alot :)
Happy weekend! Full weekend filled with events but I am especially looking forward to tomorrow's Opera party at Bill Walton's home!
THERE SHOULD BE LOL~ RT : Is there a 24 hour vibrator delivery service?
this NIGGA so slow, I told him to get a thesaurus and he asked me what kind of dinosaur is that! Smgdh lol
They've gone to a two piece and things are getting ridiculous.
#BaylorTaughtMe 's trending topic in a few years. ;) hahahaha :)
Prosser on Waukesha vote issue: "seems to me this was a human error - it was a pretty big whopper - but it was a human error."
#YouNeedToBreakUpIf You can't stand being in the same room as the other person
Ahem. 24oz. Thanks Joey, we do too! RT : Digging the 22oz cans of
Kelly Clarkson did WAY Better than Christina Aguilera coked up ass last year!!!
Back in Jersey!
I tried to be competitive at all sports,... then I realized I could BUY trophies. (DM)
Watching Hugo for movie night! :)
<U+201C>: Thank you! Yes, I hope to be there and I want to see <U+201D> She hopes to see you too! :)
Adding Chris Nugent to my nice and awesome chefs of Chicago list.
awww you're so adorable :$
I really want a cherry limeade from braums.
Uber random thought... There's no drinking/smoking in my YA books so far... But there is a lot of kissing and a wee bit of cussing. ^_^
It's time again.. the U.S. Pond Hockey Championships at Lake Nokomis. Join us on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING for final preparations.
Wish I was at #ISTE11. Missed family much from my Colorado #TIE11 conference presentation. Have a great time everyone!
But Carl is the future. Think of this: Carl showing up was the only thing that got Dale what he wanted - For Randall to live
": Date night with the wife! Gotta get these in while we can.... Baby Dees due in a month!!" I feel you!
...but then I got Pinterest to work.
Infopath sucks monkey ear.
of course
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/19/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Apartment hunting is the worst. I may end up living in a yurt.
You don't act like you used to. What happened to saying sweet things everyday because you want me to always know?
RT : Yep blame kobe
A big thank you and enjoy the Halloween.
hahah I'm sure I'm not either
I'm sick but I'm feeling pretty good finished up a custom order, I have 2 more custom jobs to do. Along with 3 baby shower gifts. :-)
Holy upsets!
MT : David Schaller bringing Augmented Reality to forefront of #museums. Tech needs to meet goals, it can't be the goal
Listening to in hot topic ;)
Maybe we, why don't we just sit right here for half an hour. We'll speak of what waste I am. And how we missed your beat again.
Steak n Shake FTW!
Sorry to hear things aren't so well with you! Please let us know if we can do anything.
I saw a person shot in that villa tho
There's a tranny on the green line, with enormous hands. This muthafucka bout 6'2
Wait what street were we supposed to turn on? Nicky's? Or is that the bar? RT <U+201C>: Venice with !<U+201D>
Uh oh are the masses ready?
Will #shazam do morse code?
fingers crossed I end up at the NMAI or the Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage within the next few months!
Giving new meaning to bleeding
I always feel slightly cooler when I'm wearing my aviators and listening to some sweet gee tar riffs.
Hey, thanks!
Spaghetti squash!
But I miss my friends):
Oh, how I wish was laying beside me right now. I want her to scratch my back so I can sleep.. <U+2764>
Taking shots of Regret and Throwing up Morals!
Love+hate=jealousy.
just got every obey shirt at zumiez lol <U+0001F44C>
If Your Reading This... I LOVE YOU <3
im gonna miss my old car lol
thank you I will do that
Nope. Loki struck me as a kid brother dressing up in big brother's clothes. Which, in a sense, he was.
#dogperson all the way.
Valentine's Day is a week away! Make your reservations today - 415.5240!
lol. Wats up man! Where u been? DM me...
imagine my trip...urs just two hrs
I really don't have the heart to say no. Why did I even start this ? Wrong time, Wrong place situation.
Swing by SFR's table today at orientation for info. on becoming a DJ & free merch!!
You're very welcome Amy. I think it's a terrific project on & I'm enjoying it a lot.
:) Thanks, boo.
I'm pretty sure Walter from Fringe has the best dreams.
#Golf If Fowler can hang onto the Wells Fargo Tourney, he easily leaps Rickie Lake in my rankings "IE" Still gotta catch Ricky Martin, Rubio
fire in a garage, shooting reported, over 100 fires, UK fans need to chill
I accidentally DVR'd a movie on a Non-HD channel. Now I have to wait for it to come on again.
I liked "Shut up and get away!"
Oh man! Trust it wasn't us! lol
When you are weak, call on Jesus & you will be made strong. His #Grace is all we need, all you need to do is as Him for it. see 2 Cor 12:9
Ditto! RT : Um. Where am I on this video, #Buzzcation?!
What would Screech do?
Team Skype will be Partridge Family to your Brady Bunch! On bus:Me, Gordon Korman Bryan Chick
Your first show was amazing! Greatness Kathy! My husband was also admiring your beautiful red dress. Bravo!
Suspend him.
THANK YOU! THATS WHAT I TRIED TELLING EVERYONE -__-
such a great cause! I really want to help support this. Please let me know what I can do to help!! /via
We're here! But we don't really know what you are talking about :-)
Sounds good..:) from scratch?
these little fruit cups -.-
Cmon Cap. Enjoy the moment. Damn. Smiles ;-)
Yeah Cam, for being too cool. Whatever helps you sleep at night;)
And That's Game !
you'd better!
I found a snail and named him remington (:
school'll be out nxt week.Then I'll be cming bak 2 school the week aftr 4 driver's ed,THEN it's bak2school on my birthday -_- just my luck
oh shit, *leaps off edge of seat*
Really? You can believe what you want to believe. But Catholicism has had a long, dirty, violent history, so I'll pass.
of course.
I am currently stalking away your blog, and my obsession with you is skyrocketing.
- why? he's young, signed for 2 years at good price, fills hole at 1st and lineup, gets headstart on competing in 2011.
Da #Bears at No. 19 three-way mock: Chandler Jones or Dre Kirkpatrick or Dont'a Hightower.
Indeed it is!
my eldest is toughest. Always has been. What's amazing is that he is easier than he was...there's hope
Not sure if there will be one. Will tweet if there is.
Be the change you want to see in the world
no, I completely agree. I have no clue what's going on.
interviewed with him a couple days later and took the offer. I see you are interning at LSU this summer that's awesome... Congrats!
THAT SH1T IS A GOOD DEAL!
15 years old
haha it's true... I obviously wasn't taking photos at that age
I have to say I'm not quite so happy with the officiating this weekend
smoke that shit i got !0 on it
Swedish House Mafia fireworks & gold stick rain drops!
beautiful day for brunch on the patio!
surrounded by your top students.
New #southpark. Can't wait
I'm not happy about your new update -- cannot access my old tags or search through them.
#mydream is to be kissed by the perfect guy when the clock strikes midnight on new years eve.(:
I don't really have feelings for guys anymore.
They sell pre-boiled eggs here in Florida, too. I think they are also called picnic eggs! Can also buy a single egg for lunch. (^V^)
There's like nothing to tweet about!!!!
You're good at giving advice, but not following your own.
Your attitude and your potential go hand in hand.
damn bruh...you tryna kill some pussy......we on the same shit!!!
LOL it would be illegal for AT&T to tell you they have 4G if they didn't...
Haha, that is fantastic!!
mother says you need to spend the night
Praying for a good outcome
I wonder if a follow up visit requires a sperm sample. Fuck it, just incase.
Sprinting to catch the 28x to the airport.
2 days isn't enough at this point LoL. NOT ENOUGH AT ALL!!!!!! We're basically going to be a wasteland soon.
I knew this #CUSE team was going to be good. Idk if I thought they would win 30 in the reg season n 17 in
I am seeing it with my book club on Wednesday!
Tomorrow night Club 212!!!! Dj Smoke n DJ Qball
Cloudy and cool today. Great day to get out of the house and buy a new bike!
You want your game card back tomorrow, right?
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I cherish moments, people, a good workout and the first 5 minutes after my alarm goes off
RT : Sporting faithful, buying my first #SKC jersey today, should it be Sapong or Kamara? << No doubt...Kai Kamara
Church tonight was awesome. Thank you Lord for everything <3
Good site. Sorely needed.
Just did! Cheers
but it is essentially the same thing you are complaining about now. Just saying.
aww sad day
I just get in to a challenge ! And guess what "I love it "
it's actually still cooling. We are going to try is shortly. I will report back soon :-)
New York is the best! I also love Paris.
Two eggs fertilized
Thanks for the RT's!
awesome right?? :)
your not a bad influence. People just are jealous & they need to get a #gfa C:
We hope you become one of our top posters! ^SZ
Congratulations! I love the smiles on y'all's faces. Do you know what the next step is?
Why is the crypt keeper holding that trophy?! She is so crazy!
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where nobody can find us.
Much better to be listening to NOFX way to loud on way home.
I really can't sleep doe :(
flipped is a cute movie c:
Isn't there always a run on Sun morn? I'm w/ u, it was all I could do to get the flight booked, haven't thought abt sched
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers (I do love saying that every year). I wish mine were still here - best mother and best friend.
Taking a break from vitamin supplements: multiple, omega-3 and bone complex. Makes me even more conscious of real food, and its value.
Love love love your show! So many amazing guests, so I'm just curious- who has been your favorite person to interview so far???
thanks for the mention! pls follow us so we can DM you some updated info.
#Seattle is so gorgeous today - I hope it remains so for my time lapse shoots next week!!
Bang bang bang bang
when are you guys going to support android?
Can't sleep and I got work in the a.m :(
How hard is it to understand: I forgot my glasses and the bear was down low. Duh.
Also, I might sit here and wonder about the ending, but I kind of don't care because I didn't care about Leo's character.
love and hugs to you my dear friend!!
haha you are out of your mind young one.
Can't wait to get home and get back on.
Taylor lautner is so fucking sexy!!!
| Congrats! Awesome news!
Call me for table hook ups tonight at Tru. Sexy lingerie party. Chris&Dave promotion
Wow. I really should have proof read that paper
Tim are you coming up to NY and I don't know about it?
please go to the regal theater tomorrow to surprise people in new york ! <3
katuska is that u
Don't expect to win the game if you don't get in and play the game.
Heading over to Something Different Party Rental to play with place settings!
Sometimes, when you wait too long to make a decision, the opportunity passes you by. Take action!
I learned how to make my hair wavy with a curling iron! finally! lol.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you talk really bad to a girl that a major bad ass attitude.
Yawn RT : There's a lot of skepticism in #yankees camp whether rivera's retirement intentions are truly irrevocable.
Morning!! RT : Good morning!!
Excited to shoot the Sexy Balloon Fashion Show at the Houston Halloween and Party Expo, next weekend.
Hey Wes, make western NY proud tomorrow!! Good luck man! Go Cuse'!
Time for a morning jog
where are you from?!
Just finished our 1st #HealthLiteracy Train the Trainer w/ ! 10 new passionate health literacy trainers just entered the field!
hahahaa!! I've done that before, no worries!!
Took a class in college, just now getting back into it!
Won't be at red rooster tonight due to cold
50% Boxwire Skybox Plan! Spread the word, save 50% off any plan! For a Limited Time! Discount Code: BOX2011
If you have any winter storm photos you'd like to share, we'd love to see them! Either post them here or tag us in the photo!
It is so beautiful outside! Who wants to go lay under the stars with me? lol
Listening to Doyle Bramhall Fitchburg Street CD and celebrating a great artists music. What soul!! RIP Doyle.
unsure why that picture is tagged in your tease about child porn...
will appriciate this. RT : A #Libra may look normal on the outside but inside they are strange.
Likewise! And I'm glad you recognize that it was God. He kept you here for a reason. Find out and fulfill your divine purpose.
Got an awesome adjustment from feeling great! If you are in LA you MUST see him!
It's a beautiful day in San Diego Downtown! Come by sit on our sunny/dog friendly patio, and enjoy a tasty torta. Provecho!
When you're able to love yourself, you can love others. Because you've learned to love someone the way s/he is.
Be sure to check out tomorrow's for a special little something from us!
Holy shit, just nailed a hole in one on golden tee.
Reflect on
We do pick ups...need it moved and sold? yeah thats us!
Owned. <claps> #LAKings #Coyotes RT : Jeff Carter scored thrice; Doan and Hanzal were not nice; Howlers on thin ice
Blum explores how the political discourse of religious damnation & labeling opponents as Satan became codified during Civil War
Is a convicted felon currently in prison really pulling 40% of the Democrat Presidential primary ballot in West Virginia?
Go die, NEW new Twitter.
Tony Stark could out drink any of the Avengers even Iron Man
Getting ready for the Olive Branch next Friday March 5th
Can't wait.. See you in 30 minutes Faker fans
Geometry algebra math. It all comes naturally...
This Miami heat game is crazy!
We purchase houses in South Florida and we follow back.
I Cried When I realized I wanted to love you forever but couldnt =(
Some people just need to shut the Hell up!
1st Excerpt: Well today is the first day of documenting and sharing my processes as I am working on my first self-publishing venture.
Good Luck. What is your major?
You are reading it? Do you want to see the movie with me?
Take that #Mavericks!!! Time for a celebratory drink! Way to go !!!
Good luck, and don't forget to stretch.
This time last week getting ready for This time this week, missing them. :(
After viewing that review, kindly spend some time in the "Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed" section. Too funny.
i can't stop the war, shelter homeless, or feed the poor. i can't change the world and make things fair, but the least that i can do is care
"Of God, She dreamed of him in the way of women who are in love with men." Oh Early Christianity, you so crazy
Wearing a MSU shirt in an office full of UofM & OSU fans sure does provoke alot of trash talking. Luckily I have a 1 seed team in my corner.
That is what leadership does--and what it does is more important than what it is or how it works
Apps at Kibo so far are very good. And music is upbeat!
omg I think we would have slept on the benches if we had to when we were waiting for our ride
Better jump on the bandwagon now! has 5 new gigs next year already.
Odd day in the archives. Power outlets are down, no wireless, but researchers can keep working. Digitization can't solve all access problems
The high unemployment rate is a sign of a government controlled workforce and a mindset of non-self-reliance
What we dream is all that matters <3
Had a good time at youth. :)
Well about to go to sleep, gotta read that book so im only gonna get a lil nap in!
This is beautiful
not long enough... But I hear it from many folks. I'm not alone. iPhone has better power management by far. It's pretty obv to me.
I wanna go to the next wine tasting at Shorty's with you!
I wish you were on the Feds. See Monsanto and the FDA. No GMO
soon go out and go around Rome with some beautiful girl!
Someone told me I'm not a real black person
props on the vid!! can't wait for delts on saturday now!!
<U+201C>: I Love #muffulettamonday <U+201D>so do we - thanks !
I'm excited to play at Winston's Beach Club tomorrow night in Ocean Beach!!
Gotta get to bed and rest up, dont wanna **actually** get sick for realz and miss all teh fun this week!
Stoked to be shooting tonight!!
Sticking to a regular exercise program and proper nutrition are two very important rules to keeping up high energy all day.
BAD ASS. Thanks for the invite!
The ten seconds that 1D was in a skit > The whole episode of iCarly
30 Day Challenge Group Beginning January 2, 2012. Write me back or message me to let me know that you are interested in participating in<U+2026>
Yes, writers, you have a constitutional right to freedom of speech. You do not have a constitutional right to writing privileges, though.
Dudley "Dooney" Dooley's daddy if a cotton pickin' chicken pluckin' pickle packin' pepper popper who skims the skum off the vinegar vat.
yeah I'm cool, just gotta make major moves right now
It Hurts , Like Hell .
niiiiiicce was it your own bag or someone elses?
Hi! You're in Tucson!
I like the idea, not burning a draft pick on a QB would be ideal.
Are you in cedar rapids? I was just there...not much to speak of out that way.
k bus stop time eww.
Kate Beckinsale is so hot. Half of it is that accent ;)
working on today's posts. its a little bit of a cluster fuck
That statement seems fairly redundant.
I love your songs soo much! I'm your number 1 fan! Please follow? I'd do anything. Love you jake!
#rampagejackson won? wow that wasn't really that fair
When is it? N jus depend on how long
thanks so much! Tell your friends!
is my baby.
Morning. Will you order me a latte, please?
Finished mah workout and I feel great.
Hours from welcoming teachers back to school, still get those 1st day jitters!
okay mi amigo
I'm a #sundaylibrarian today! Anyone else?
What the hell is going on?! QPR with the lead!
Q. Why dont guys like to perform oral sex on a woman the morning after sex? A. Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
now following ;b lol
no joke, right?! And to think, all it took was a hologram to bring this "truth" to our relationship. Oh my...
but my all time fave is either if heaven wasnt so far away or springsteen or hes mine
oh anytime ;)
Trying to decipher content from notebooks, most were lost in fire or water damaged. Painstaking work but determined to piece this together.
We make the road by walking
They don't work with my laziness hahaha.
Thanks,you sure got it!
RSS + github commit feed. Finally, news I care about.
hahahahahahaha but you love me <U+201C>: Im very mad for those ratchet pics she just posted smdh<U+201D>
Cru De Gra Flyer is up! POST IT!
I'd read that book. Wish I had time to write it.
You can never point the finger at yourself no matter what. It's not always somebody elses fault.
ok tia. You sound like your buddy richard
chilling. You get in touch with calma ?
Tears of joy <3 greatest sh*t ever
Happy Easter!
New York. How about you? lol
#3WordsOfAdvice get over yourself.
Last day of the season. Do I stay all day and enjoy the weather or leave early and enjoy the weather??!!
Super pumped for tonight!!! The physical rain is a symbol of what is going to pour tonight!!! Yall need to be there
Joe, sorry, getting back so late on this. Yes, I'm aware of that. What is the time your site should load at before google penalizes?
mac&cheese
via Attempting first Whitecaps fan Q&A of 2010. Email questions for players and staff to
Being back at elizabethton high school <<<
The Blazers would make me turn this game back on..
"Gross." "shut up my farts smell like roses"
Scottys Tuesdays is my new favorite thing. Prepare for my face from now on
Somebody should make hoodies that say "Justice For Trayvon" on it....I would wear it no problem <3
Things I like about this Times Sq. office building: the Door Close button in the elevators ACTUALLY work.
if i told everyone exactly what i thought of them id probably have no friends because id say some pretty heartless shit
I'm forever yours babe<U+0001F618>
What a relief that my identity & freedom is in Christ.. not in relationships, my job or dashed dreams. Christ is so worth it...
I hope win so can give them a beating they will never forget.
negative on the pants :( they were not quality. they were ... rough? strange
MOST DRAFT BEER PROBLEMS ARE THE RESULT OF WARM BEER. PERFECT TEMPERATURE = PERFECT BEER!
gettin off here peace out girl scout
Good! When You Do Let Me Know. & Why This Thirsty Dude NOT Giving Up.. -__- lmao
sounds good! Let me call real quick.
Congrats on the 2012 Best of the Web Award!
Anyone else get excited when the new NPPES #NPI downloadable file is released? #aco #healthcare #medicare Downloading now...
Whether you're fortunate enough to b w/them or whether you're remembering them via photos, 2day (+ every day)....soak up the 1s that u love!
Robot Chicken or Aqua teen?
I absolutely LOVE when it rains in LA. Weather kind of reminds everyone that life still applies. Beautiful, invigorating, vital.
yoo can you or please burn me a copy of taylor alderdice and bring it to school tomoro?????
Jamison says, RESEARCH, RESEARCH, RESEARCH.
ATTENTION ALL DANCERS!!! - HERE'S THE ULTIMATE CAREER GUIDE FOR BOOKING JOBS!!!!! FOLLOW AND RETWEET
I'm pretty much hooked on !
Had so much fun last night, thanks , , and for always being ready for craziness!!
So excited that you are making your ebooks downloadable to Kindles, iPads, etc. Way to go!
Marty in Bay City: We finally got into the town, but they're not letting most people in. Bayous have flooded most of the homes here.
only patient people receive presents.
I hope I'm not one of those "grown ups."
Heart filled with confusion...
Not too excited about Beauty and the Beast on The CW. Why remake something that did not work the first time on CBS?
Reading is for idiots, if something is good, they'll make a movie. If it's subtitled you're kind of fucked though.
"if you were a dolphin I would totally stick it in your blow hole"
S/O to for being cool as hell
your so young
I'll be there this weekend!! Thur-Sunday!
Wake Up In Your Makeup in the ONLY Board Certified Permanent Makeup and Instructor in Las Vegas! Make your appointment with the best!
I smell moisture in the air! Ahh...
Portland trivia for the day. The OCC was the first convention center to receive LEED certification. True or false?
I just laughed out loud when a customer told me they found our website while searching through Altavista.
i wanna be on that money from strangers show omg doing random shit for $1000 its SO EASY
keeping it real take notes lady's this women knows what she is speaking and it ain't the BS I read from most these lady's ;)
Yay! Glad to hear it!
Sleep was definitely better than finishing that essay. Thanks Daddy.
RT : nice seeing you at - hope you enjoyed the slice. :)
Find us -- w/ & Hussey RT : About to see the presentations for the redevelopment of Navy Pier at
Are there people that make careers out of night AEing? If so, I am most definitely NOT one of them.
Game time: 7pm this Friday at Stone Stadium in Columbia, SC. We're playing the Gamecocks. This Longhorn team is pumped! #TexasFight!
we'll discuss once I can piece myself together.
Still in traffic
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Join us htis morning for Group Reformer at 8, Mat Class at 8:30, or PULSE at 9:30, 10:30.
I'M GOOD(: HOW BOUT YOU?
I wanna see the pictures from today! :)
Trust me.... I know for a Fact, all there is to know about You.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 35
i dont understand?? -anna
Who is preforming this weekend?
Haha I still watch Goosebumps with my 9 yr old brother and sister! I loved the books when I was little :P
we want #jrointhemorning !!!!
S/O to for being cute AF
Test test back at you. ;)
These idiots said "I'm doing a figure eight right now..." and thought they changed the game smh try paddling two canoes at once suckas
Paul schaeffer is funny.
my muffin is so cute, Maddie God bless you <U+2665>
If you are heading up to Seattle the Sleeping Bulldog Bed and Breakfast is now on board offering a great discount to our members! Welcome!
Get in for FREE, and start making money joingscdream.com
Symptoms of the 2 can often occur together. Although traditional medicine discourages diagnosing one w/ both, several still do.
SBX Drive for Charity awards $1K scholarship to Mater Dei Catholic High School senior tonight.
& I have literally spent the last hour and a half talking about all the video games we like. #nerds <U+0001F44C>
it's invisible unless you're part of it--Simon Critchley at the student conference talked about Occupy in the past tense
Spring & summer mean kickoff to the beach!!
Pulled skirt down to pass security....didn't want to get a detention if it was to short :P
stay on before the screen to write codes! All things are apps! lol
#TheReasoniWillSucceed im so humble and my music passes a message
GIM ME IT
Getting my hair and makeup done! <U+0001F486><U+0001F487><U+0001F48B>
Fascinating! Reading now. :)
Yeah, more Kid Rock songs.
RT <U+201C>: Hammocks actually improve sleep quality and make people fall asleep faster.<U+201D> it all makes sense now..
Just visited a friend's restaurant on H st ne & was stopped in my tracks when I saw adobe design showroom. What a glorious sunny afternoon!
run towards always run towardsA
If alex thinks Tanisha looks nice wtf does the rest of the world look like
I'm getting an error when I click on your link!
That is to complicated for my brain!
<U+201C>: I'm one boob, you're the other boob and together...we're breast friends.<U+201D>
Times Square is amazing. Landed it was raining but now the sun is raising :) Sorry 4 the fans at the airport.. Think I was a bit mean! <U+2665> you
Today was a good day.
Can you pass me along the info for these startups? I can DM my email if you add me.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (cv0s0)
I don<U+2019>t suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it
Ive come to terms w/ the fact that Alcatraz, Flash Forward, Fringe, Awake & Terra Nova are not, n will never b, LOST.
nm watching tv and yourself?
LET'S GO LAKERS OT!!
First day with today!
#GreysonMMag Will you ever visit Mexico ?
ixion's wheel.
Neither can I..
oh, yes, definitely let me know. Have fun, it's a gorgeous day.
Album on I-tunes...
just walked in to Arts Breakfast
WHY DIDNT NOBODY TELL ME I HAD MY EARRINGS IN TWO DIFFERENT HOLES -_-
RT : wow Moyer is 49 and still playing that's crazy
I can't sleep and I have to wake up early.
- I was just there about 2 weeks ago. They've done a lot of sprucing up. Looks much nicer.
#SomePeopleShould get locked up by da fashion police Lol!
Thanks for the RT's y'all, I appreciate it!
I'd be quit alright if you followed me ;)
Today from 530 to 830pm, show us this tweet and get HALF off your drink! Limit 1 per tweet:)
Excited to announce that I'll be playing the role of Fran Walker in Frank D. Gilroy's THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN opening September 23rd.
Thank you so much! I greatly appreciate that!! Hugs!
Probably will be fine - just reach out to NAFSA to see what newcomer events they have lined up! Let me know how it goes! :)
follow on twitter for latest news. :-)
i wont! seriously wish you were here with me!
Obviously the hacker-Autism bullies doing this are doing it BCUZ THEY DONT WANT ANY ATTENTION TO THE AUTISM HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS GOING ON
Seeing what everyone got for Christmas proves how poor I am
Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers - World Champions - Super Bowl 45! Thank you for bringing the Lombardi trophy home!
aw, thank you so much, girl!!
Oh sorry i forget ur not spanish lol it means whatz the matter?
<U+201C>: All in all though, so happy with SUPER FUN NIGHT pilot and huge thanks to everyone involved!<U+201D> heard amazing things good luck!
my mom duznt wantz me to make pups but ize don't haf to do that
Have you taken care of yourself today? $10 manicure $10 shampoo & set
Just databased an 8-track on which Liberace performs the "Overture From Tommy" - the Who fan in me would love to hear THAT!
Kinda In A Good Mood Today , <3 :)*
Congratulations to Lana and Teddy Oso for winning our Pet Escort Gift Certificate at the yesterday!!
Come to the Archives Fair at VCU's Cabell library, tomorrow from 11am-2pm! VSU will be there with lots of other archives from across VA.
please take in consideration other people's feelings and keep your thoughts to yourself.
Is today the day that we find out if they go or if they stay? Who knows
Is A Truee Fashionistaa. Gotta Give It To Ha.
I love the #coolcreekconcerts Can I get a follow back from my favorite bands!?
I've used Vista Print a few times...pretty good and inexpensive.
let me know what's next..
Here at #Voracious. What a cluster bomb.
thanks for coming out today Michael. We really appreciate it. Glad you liked the :)
If im not followin you back hit me wit a mention so i can follow you.
ha! <U+201C>: Really need to change the name of Joe to Slow the Art of Coffee.<U+201D>
Loved the Sanchez girl on !! She was great!!
Full moon, shinin bright
Jenny Bauer... So good to see you.
I somehow knew that was coming! I haven't had vino in forever, count me and my walker in! <U+0001F475><U+0001F44C>
America's greatest state trooper.
all the older designs yeah and the EP artwork
why do graduations piss off relatives?
Mowing the grass and out of breathe ,I need a new diet plan lol
I don't use Tweet Deck anymore, but I am pretty sure you can. Or could. Not sure if you still can since Twitter bought it.
Who it remind yo of ?RT : Everytime I watch cheaters I get mad smh
LOLOL..yea, she's about to be GROSS...I feel cheated on -__-
6 days til Battleship? I feel like the battle has already been lost.
can I get a happy birthday? Oh and I'm gonna be in Towson late afternoon so if you wanna drop by I won't object.
I feel you. Skate later?
Happy Spring! Who's headed to Rita's Italian Ice for their free ice today!?
Had a awesome time with the guys today :p can't believe the summer is almost over :(
Going to SA Business Journal's "Best in Commercial Real Estate" luncheon today to hear script I wrote for the program. Tnx for invite, SABJ.
follow me and upon opening experience great espresso
yes. I am really excited to move forward!
<U+201C>: My memory foam bed, rolling rock, McAlisters mac & cheese, and The Office. #GetOnMyLevel<U+201D> way to make me cry janke...
Great alumni meet n greet last night #LSU Foundation at #W hotel Chancellor Martin n many #LSUtigers visit L.A.
I just finished a 4.36 mi run with a time of 59:51 with Nike+ GPS.
How did I only recently learn of Leonard Cohen?!
then if they included Kanye too, sis daya can knight him with the K-Swag title hahaha lol :)
Tomorrow for Free Comic Book Day we'll be having a 25% off almost everything in the store sale along with local artists doing sketches.
Has there been a tornado spotted? Tornado warnings r reserved for when real tornados are spotted, a tornado watch is when conditions exist.
Shits scary wen u all about eating the pussy..Makes me wonder,who an how many pussies yo mouth explored...Makes a girl wana check 4 sores...
<U+201C>: TPC... now Accepting applications. Membership limited<U+201D> the O'My's!!!!!!
My said he'd be up at 8, and it's 9 D:
And, yes, I'm saying I know better than Christopher Nolan.
Watching Rugby. Fiji beat the shiznit outta New Zealand.
DOIN SOME SYSTEM PERFORMANCE STUFF ON MY LAPTOP TO BOOST UP THE SPEED A LIL BIT
Pi Day: When math, which usually nauseates me, becomes so very tasty. Thanks, and !
When a cute lil baby doesn't stop staring and smiling at you ^.^ <U+2665>
I never tweet anymore :P
Oh hail it's hailing
Absolutely. First things first!
Laszlo Krasznahorkai is easily my favorite living writer.
Thanks. Yes, email meRT great presentation! Any chance you can make it publicly available
Do you have a practice that could use 1 more LIKE on Facebook? Reply with the link and we will do it! :)
Since the time difference, it's tomorrow in the UK. :p people were writing it on Tumblr.
New web site launched: appliedrelevance.com.
RT DANGEROUS #tornadoes on the GROUND in TN and AL. New Market, AL watch out
Did anyone else see "Brothers" this weekend? Was I the only one not impressed with the movie?
Oh no.. that's a bad one ! Haha.
This car rental spot tried pulling a swift one one me!!! Nah ah ain't gonna happen their little buddys!!
Thanks for the commercial info Greg. Looks like it's gonna be EPIC!
<========= This is the nicest guy you will ever meet!
I'm so excited for this year's Gay Pride parade in New York. It's going to be my third year and hopefully I'll be in the parade again. :D
to many people listen to gaga and shit...she used GODS name for her choice..which isn't his word in the bible..
was that back when MCW was with Marquette?
just watched Cyberbully...wow..
Snookie's Womb
I am wondering if anyone has visited michaelmoore.com to view "Slacker Uprising."
Thank you for the 2nd season of #LostGirl and the 5th season of #Eureka debuting back to back with awesome episodes.
Hahaha I don't hate you
Look out for an email from us!
Idk what would make me angrier, someone disrespecting my mom, or someone calling me a fan, probablly that one
"yeah just a wee bit cold" "hey, I have nuts" Lolololol
shit that's not the new BBQ joint is it
RT Google "do a barrel roll" Go ahead. It's funny
tupac wakes up for a second to check if i'm there, then goes back to sleep, lol :)
LeVar Burton: "In pursuit of something larger that ourselves, we should come hard to the table"
Kobe needs 38 pts for scoring title. gives Kings 8% chance for under. I say 17% if Artest elbows Kobe in pre-game huddle
Ibuprofen I hope! Its a miracle :) RT : Thank u 800 mg for helping me out today!
You're just not looking hard enough. I texted Teorsky this morning cause he was no where to be found. Ground floor.
I wish that Twitter had a like feature!
he's a local no biggie..I see him at mcarthur and best buy all the time haaha
name dropper. ;-)
You didn't care.. You never did. I can't believe I fell for it.</3
I tweet alot right
softball almost killed me tonight..
Good day, social media universe! Today, I started a new 40Day SadhanaYoga practice with Siri Ajeet. 4-7am daily. SoCal'ers, you are welcome!
sounds like a plan
No matter how awesome they are no way in hell am I paying 400 dollars for shoes
i firmly believe that tyra banks is the person who has contributed the least to american society in the last ten years.
i know you are but what am i...i hate when ppl say tht!
yes it is an awesome day! Working on some major projects inspired by your coaching program!
haha give me a min i will!
thanks so much!
genius!!!! I'll have two please!
RT : In other news: Looks like coach Luce won't be coaching at purdue next season.
First I did something I never thought I would do, I hurt myself physically to take the pain away
We are excited to start the BuyBobNow New Membership Campaign tomorrow 8/9. We're finalizing for morning deployment. Are you on our list?
Thank you for the information and the great seminar today.
I say AND Scene all the way.
Work is so fucking busy! D:
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are," 1928-2012, RIP.
happy mothers day to my amazing wife and mother!
A great assistant coach is only valuable when they make the commitment to the kids
We are helping Veterans
Each Positive Tomorrows student has a volunteer tutor to mentor them and help with school work! If you want to be a tutor, let us know!
went to the magic castle. old lady clearly looked down to me as an obvious "guest passer."
Keep me posted
Game time thought. I am pissed that I not only went to that Opening Day travesty, but also did not get a schedule pen!
will pass it along and glad to check it out! Thanks for posting!
Hey Tom Tiffy here :) I hope u are having a gr8 day so far! Much <3 always. P.S Please come to Buffalo Ny soon ok.
": hi unc how u been" I'm good, chilling wit a blunt! How about u?
Contentment is a powerful motivator. Now I want to get ready to make it all happen again next week--tomorrow.
Rainy Nights Like This Wish I Cuddled With Someone And Watch A Movie Instead Of Being Cuddled With My Blanket , & In The Dark. <3
#whyrelationshipsdontlast Our society is to blame
Something like that. His response to questions about it was boggling. Wonder if Pedroia will defend him....
Just YouTubed my first Sufjan Stevens song. might be proud.
RT : <U+200E>Answer: Text (Now I have to go text this answer to my wife)
I love it.
GET BATTIER OUT GOD DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!
Wow this week is been full of surprises... I'm just happy I survived
When people give you unnecessary attitude -- yeah, you're cool.
its so much better to make them now...now that we have a 15 minute limit imposed by
I still can't believe what's happening to Alaric... #TVDFamily I am scared. uh. What do ya think it's going to happen with him? x
link me to roberts facebook !
glad you enjoyed the presentation!
37 degrees?!?! Glad I'm watching on tv
#BuildDayMemories Rico falling off the ladder.
super awesome day so far <3
What an amazing anayltics tool that I can never stop checking for my personal site
bahaha that would be great, but no. Apparently there was also a prisoner/policeman duo running, didn't see them though.
The new Avengers movie made everyone in the theatre laugh there ass off . But then again it kicked ass!! <3
waking up at 5am to hit abs and shoulders at #ballys #fitness goodnight everyone
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
I would've said go MD, but..well, you know ;-) RT : *crickets chirping* RT : Moments until tipoff...Let's go #Duke!
It's a hard knock life for us .
feeling a lot better about starting pitching, Hughes looking better too
Friday night lights!! Ok not really, Just another youth football practice.
I hate you everything
Arghh. More Frikkin toll roads replacing free roads in central Texas. Folk vote Republican then complain when they do these things.
a CNN interview with optic bigtymer
In 2012, organizers and exhibitors will continue to integrate tablets into the marketing, sales, and operations workflows of their events.
Early morning and a garage on fire in northeast Albuquerque<U+2014>a homeowner's attempt to put it out herself and smoke-inhalation and a hospital.
Well it just #obviously wouldn't be a King's ceremony without a well-intentioned slam on Inviso.
TURN THE BASS LOUD TIL MY EARS BLOW OUT
heading out to nebraska. Just saw signs for Rockford. Hope all is well.
I know it's embarrassing for you, but every time you mention dubstep I think back to when you pronounced it "dead-mau-five" lol
The mall it is
confirmed jelly
You think Im buying a house or something?
NBA Playoffs
Can't wait
I bought our winning ticket for Friday. See you in Vegas!
Hey Rachel! Didn't get a chance to say hi. We need to chat soon.
I know it wasn't a sour beer. Honestly, I didn't enjoy it &. it's been really hard to sell even after passing out samples
Lmfaoooo. The sub put some nature show on full volume
When you tell somebody to do something their suppose to do it. So dont tlk back bitch!
To tell the truth, I stopped reading after instrumental folk
ready to get this training over with and get my weekend started!
Any idea why baseball season doesn't start Monday afternoon before the basketball game like it used to?
If you know an event planner willing to travel to Allen, TX, please put them in touch with me.
There is an actual car dealership called "Oh Baby Toyota"... #ThingsIDidn'tKnow
of course!!! And I'm pretty excited!!!
I wish that TVs and computers were easier to operate.
Back atcha! WOOF!
you gotta stop by the spot in northfield sometime soon tho
We are happy to help. Let or know if you want to chat more!
come on over!!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Getting ready for your summer tan? Buy 2 months get 1 FREE (available in all levels) Come see us today to get started! <3
YOU TOO? LOL I actually just got a call back for a Bubba Gump Shrimp Commercial.
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C
hope not
Heading to the city to shoot Crimson's music video. Just picked up the make up artist
To those serving in our Military, past and present. I Salute You ALL. God Bless you and your families!!!
Congrats to though on that first win!
I circumnavigated Lake Union by cycle today.
thank you I will check that out and get back to you!!
Restaurant 3 <U+2032>s Basic Bacon Recipe & Bacon Week
No I will follow her. Sunglasses do keep you from aging. Did you read something I wrote?
Now at "I may 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' with you."
ask the creations of my mother :)
I never understood women who don't mind be a side chick like where is your pride self-esteem self respect smh some women are pathetic lol
#LEXIPHILE-o-d-Day: 'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper...
I don't know if the paper was accepted? :-)
staying up 3 hours to do current events
S/o to my new follower yall follow her
iBet Officially Forgot 'Bout Me . && Missed Out On All The DRAMA O.o
Hugh Douglas says the Colts desperately need a safety, and need could be addressed in this draft.
We have an app for that! #SalesTouch Mobile offers cross-platform iOs/Android tablet interactive sales presentations; see us !
" RT : Wishing you all good things this weekend!"//You too, Maggie!
Michelle Obama "keep fighting the good fight"... dang she stole my favorite charge to the blue team. No turning back!
Thanks for following.
#Election2012 Obama loves gays, Romney beat up a gay, Obama pushed a girl. Lmao what will tomorrow bring?
very glamorous!
Tennis time
Me and are getting involved tonight. FT. LEE BOND BITCHES
most def! Those are fun break from "real" golf.
+ when can we see you and Marcia? 142nd street reunion?
Research has shown that exercise can help prevent heart disease, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes, arthritis, and more
This is when I miss being a coach. The strategy is key here
Thanks! Anybody on your team interested? DM #ScottTheMerchGuy if yes :)
Tweet if you have a response other than one-liners on Crusades2.0 Administration
are looking for some hot SxSw parties to play in 2012
blows at scramble!
m dat face
Happy New Year tweeps!!!!!
Ok my Facebook friends what is the best CRM system for iPad and iPhone ?
tea is the new coffee
ICKY! heheheh. I love it!!
bro I fucking love you thank you! This shit happens everyday
im having a show on march 31 too at the citrus festival
dunno what
LOL but we don't! :D If we did we'd be tweeting every 15 seconds which equates to 5,760 times each day! ;-)
I really feel bad for today. I know he put so much into the Brebeuf basketball program.He did a wonderful job leading the Braves
Man ! I'm Tired Of Bitches Playing With My Emotions .
dream girl : likes dr. pepper, skateboarding, knows who LaaLaa is. dresses girly, will help cook, can tolerate me/ my music.
Friday afternoon + lots to do = headphones. Light at the end of the tunnel: with tonight.
#5. Pistachio Ice Cream: Only successful ice cream with the syllable 'Piss' attached. Usually that doesn't work. Pistachio proves us wrong.
www.theaterconnects.com has re-launched! Beautiful, Amazing and about 1/8 finished. But check it out!
Fml I have to find something to do for 6 hours.
my sister likes dale jr i cant stand him is the best driver at hendrick i have tons of respect for gordon
Just finished a callback audition for Tyler Perry's new musical! I nailed it!
lol oh ok
For anyone who ridiculed J Simps for being "too pregnant" try to deliver a 9.13 lb baby.Wow.Only about 5 lbs less than I had w/ triplets
If you have spotify, check out disney's greatest hits. Volume 1, 2, and 3
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
THANK YOU! had someone show up in khakis and a short sleeve polo for a business professional dress interview! ugh.
What a day it has been:)
Conversation and phone number deleted :]
Happy 175th Birthday Michigan.
Jeffrey Burr is co-hosting an Open House at the Acuity Financial Center tonight 4:30 - 7:30. Acuity Financial Center 7881 W. Charleston.
Kurt I hope your well
is in the beginning stages of Co Planning/Producing a Big Red Carpet event for Kari Nissena, W 8/4! Mtg 1 today, 37 days til showtime!
its all a part of the learning process. just have to work hard and let things take care of themselves. i want to be great at the next level.
Don't you hate it when you go shopping for that one thing and you forget it? Ah well, I'm not the first.
Just returned home from a Northern California roadtrip.
Awesome another track talking about how great you and your crew is. I'm real excited to hear it :)
Reasons why I'm friends with - we both pregame with power naps.
I hope once i start my videos people will support me and like my vids. :]] hahaha
im down. Let me know!
Q: Are you coming to Austin, TX during your tour? A: Yeah. It's one of the confirmed cities. It's Levi's hometown.
RT : Join us for Henna, origami, dance performances, crafts, storytimes & more during Asian Pacific American Heritage...
There R NBA players that when they get old, they coast, R out of shape, play without energy, complain, whine...not the Big 3; too much pride
TROLL HARD SON RT : What in the FUCK is Nas doing a song for the draft and ESPN? ALL PREVIOUS WORK NULLIFIED INSTANTLY.
Lord, please give me the strength to say "no" without guilt.
lucky! <U+201C>: I seem to have found the perfect balance of high hopes and low expectations.<U+201D>
Salads are a great source of fresh veggies, but your dressing choice can pack on calories and fat. Consider adding salsa instead.
I heard training camp won't be held in San Antonio Texas anymore...it will be in California until 2015. Is this true?? :(
Heavy presence of Texans with digital cameras with flash turned on at intermission.
": i Know This Might Be Corny But Your Strong ! Weird Sleeping Schedules Are Tough !" Thank you I try to be :-)
#sxswLAM check the #il2011 ebook threads today. interesting asks of the tech, the publishing, the licensing, the data collected
not my thing; but good luck. I'm sure someone on here can do this.
tired going to sleep
Scared my roommate so bad with all the ghost stories.. I promise Petey and Grimace don't live here! We just have a new friend :)
Picoso will be playing at Folklife on Saturday May 28th at the Mural Ampitheater Stage. Come join us!
Me too, small world...
I hate when #companies use #twitter to say something then use a link that has nothing to do with it. Shit way to get traffic on their site.
everything man. How you been?
The basic fact about human existence isnt that it is a tragedy but that it is a bore It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line
Had a wonderful time on my short overnight trip to visit Christien in Toronto. :-) beautiful
In a hole nother world right now !.
Would that make newspapers the second draft? RT : Shulman: "Twitter is the first draft of history."
oh no. You didn't like it? :(
yes I have. I love that song!
Dreamt of someone on TV saying the mystery absence of big GOP names running this year was they feared Romney's money bombers. Feels true.
same one!
Doing great! Can't complain. I am too blessed. :)
i thought you was gonna say church but the crack house i"m good i will stick with the hoes around the hood
Yeah, I wish...
followed (: &' sure what's it about ?
#tla50 Silver tsunami
RT : "When McDonald's bought us, they took our corp. overhead from $10m to $28m within the first year" Jane Grote Able
send us your 'recipe' to be featured on our site!
thing is the mother was just a patron came to watch her "work"
so true! You can be glamourous and green too, thanks to and others.
Thats my life right now --->RT : This song is death... this is the longest song ever. but he is so into it. Lol
just keeping myself in check :)
Thanks Web, and BTW - huge Props on the article. We dig it!!
I wish they all could be CA girls! LOL
Dear everyone in this line is angry. This is the definition of bad planning and execution. How did you troubleshoot this issue?
I'm going out. Where? I'll find out when I get there.
describing a larger museum "they are broke on a totally different scale than we are" Troy Livingston @ #imls nlg convening
MCZ perfect long stock..Way under-valued. Watch and see!
Enjoyed some pizza.. Now off to the game!
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!!!! (: <3
on like donkeykong!
he's staying at my place. We'll be up and at it this afternoon on so hit me up
Author John Elder Robison Talks About #Asperger<U+2019>s and His New Book "
hey there, not sure yet, but doubtful, coming off 6 month detail at GSA OCSIT, how u?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+0001F33A>
Holy moly, we museum wonks are SO right brained.
hell naw bro. i been gone for a min. ima be back next month
It's it wrong to hope Facebook shares are trading at $3.80/ share by 3PM?
Mention do317 at fantasy bowl ten for free admission with grandmaster flash tonight after ten
Raw Silks also a favorite of mine, but some clients don't like the way they look printed
Done. I'll bring a gift to make it less awkward. : It's a bday party for a friend but we'd like it to be hoppin'.
finishing work
MAD LATE WITH IT.
Half time in America: Ronald Reagan is posthumously buying ad space during the SuperBowl? Trickle-down advertising from beyond the grave.
Even as a Laker fan, I really love the Paul Pierce rafters commercial.
^tl also the video footage of the shop is a good selling peace for the shop, anyway i can get some of that edited for an ad?
check now it says i am
AGT going on!!
we are an online startup that is selling ties :) thesilktie.com
Pride of Cincinnati's first Tweet. We're so excited for the season to begin! See you soon!
My first stab at homemade tzatziki sauce has ended in total failure :(
going to get to use that snow blower? :-)
<U+201C>: hey, how's the hair doing?<U+201D> I'm rockin it. ;) I think I may trim it this weekend. We'll see.
My bestfriends mom supports the gay community so much, that she brought up the current issue in all of her classes. I love her so much<3
#Cincinnati No Longer Has a Ban on Pitbulls. Effective this Wednesday they are No Longer Outlawed.
I'm officially a nut job
I just bit the toothpick holding my lunch together. o_O
Me too.. I've been craving Yogurt on the Rocks for days now. I'm finally doing it tonight!
are 9-3. are 10-2. These next four games should be FUN.
Did ya'll recognize as our call in question for #JamesRoday today on ?
excited to see it!
don't sell yourself short this was a great night of chat, we co-led the discussion
Let us be dissatisfied until America will no longer have a high blood pressure of creeds and an anemia of deeds. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
Thanks, - I love this time of year. Very exciting :)
RT : The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
Acting is not about being someone different. It's finding the similarity in what is apparently different, then finding myself in there....
Paper Aeroplanes - Multiple Love - Electric Banana
can youu please please follow me ? iam a huge fan ! <3 ilyy
Nice! He's no Pujols but I think longterm he could be better than Jones....
oh i didnt know i thought you were in the hospital not your mom. i hope things get better for them Cody
Where have i been? Making Ped pals, Making fun, yummy smelling foot scrubbys, to help relax those tired worn out holiday shoppers feet.
RT #Goog+ is less about social and more about having people use their full circle of apps: think collaboration
I love being on the phone with julianne and just ranting
I haven't even kept up! ha! I've either been really busy or have developed a short attention span.... probably the 2nd one :)
I also SIGH for the future of correct spelling.
I won't tell as long as you aren't going to vote for him ;-)
YOLO- can't see em cause the money in the way
Not utilizing today's technology is like having a working washing machine including power to run it but still washing clothes by hand.
Alpine Valley would have been nice. Oh well
The orioles replace guliani as mayor of new york
Couldn't you AT LEAST have kept the before-name commas?!?! *sob* Why?? T_T
eh who would have thought this show is pretty good.
omg! I totally did that once! Except the 7 yr difference...is that creepy? Yet, I always ask myself #whatwouldCadydo ?
Lol It shows that hip hop is dying. Your boy Eminem need to come back..
Doorknobs Lock Sets Pirces: Baldwin 5405.150.PASS Classic Knob ...
good question. I don't know but if you find out, let me know.
I want that car! Maybe I will be the next MVP.
I showed up an hour early for work...would be great if crazy people let me just sit there in silence but no
I wanna say u got that from me......but maybe not!? Lol
you were basically in Titanic
i already have my 2 best singers following me all i need is you and the other ones following me. plz follow me
lol ima lebron fan I jus rock wit the thunder kuz they the closest team to my hometown
Thanks for the great comment. Wonderful indeed :)
you're right! Ewwwww
This weekend's hashtag project is #streetartistry! Yahoo! Can't wait to see #Pgh submissions!
Just got an awesome ipod touch for My birthday! ...you're two months late Mom...but That's alright :)
my mama still isn't home :(
hello there joe
#thevoice christina is so tacky for ignoring during his tribute performance. on her phone she shows her respect for him.....
uh oh, not the finger
Are you excited about the new online auction coming to Lexington Plastic surgeons? Well stay tuned for more info!
"Everything I've been taught about American fashion is wrong!" - foreign fashion designer who moved to the US on Halloween.
Watching Nascar with
Glad The Darkest Hour was a free Redbox rental because this movie is terrible.
"Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity." -- George Steiner
BOUT TO GO OUT TO EAT AGAIN OMG THESE B-DAY PRESENTS JUST KEEP ON COMING
The unions have agreed to take the cuts. so whats it about now?
Should we stay open during finals week? We are student-run which means we have finals too. Let us know if you would order food this week.
Hopefully all you will ever need to take is the meds
imy too bo
What's this!? My first #tweers from you and I get a broken site. You do need to upgrade that phone.
I hope that you feel better!!!
you're a madden 99 in my heart
I'm never going to Oklahoma. RT : In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
God is good I made it today! Althou it took me 2hours to get dress from marathon soreness I feel greeaaaaat! #NCAA tonite yes
tennis team nigga
It would have been nice to see this game go into overtime lol
If we get 30 likes on this status we'll post a new song at 3 PM tomorrow.
#Gators top #LSU in first game of #SEC softball tournament 1-0.
I accidentally giggled out loud when I read this.
Aww thanks :)Your welcome! love you too! &me too :)
So excited! I can't wait to check them all out!
leaving for the weekend <U+0001F60A>
omg yes!!! Loved it, totally resparked my love for reading!
good movie night but of course drama had to take its course so i stopped it :)
Run on over to our website and check out some of our Very Educational Childrens Toys!
Tweet me, cutiepies!
lol I'm sure you do! <U+0001F609>
Remember: Being awake during a Saturday morning sunrise is a sign of a good Friday night.
do you live by yourself in your apartment in Nashville?
Any interesting in writing an intro to Great Storms of the Chesapeake? Thanks!
#rockmafiasavethepuppiesteammiley , rock mafia is giving a $1 for every tweet
If you are in dtown Mke today, make sure to stop by the Westown Indoor Market.Pick up treats for Thanksgiving & start your holiday shopping!
New on DVD only: "Doctor Who: The Happiness Patrol" (5-8) "The Big C: The Complete Second Season" (5-8) "The Genesis Code" (5-8)
not since college daze.
Lunch Cedarlane Low Fat Beans, Rice, & Cheese Burrito (new mighty godly product)
Happy Mothers Day!!!
hah idkkk people didn't know it was tonight.
He climbed up on a car and randomly picked a blonde out of the crowd
Just saw the creepiest thing while on the freeway, a clown driving a windowless van...wish I would have had time to get a picture.
I'm pumped! I'm ready for a battle!
My hair hitting my back now
Preciate all my team for fuckin wit me last wknd. Y'all loyal as it get and I ain't gon 4get it. Too many to name but u kno who u r.
Great time at Mutt Strut, a little soggy, but still a good time.
Mac Q: I'm running OS X 10.6.8. Want to sort an entire volume by file size to find my largest files. Is there an app for that? #mac Thanks.
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health
Get Inked, Or Die Naked!
Thanks to and for mentions, appreciate you ever so much!
If I get 1,700 followers by tonight, idk what ill do
wondering if ill ever get that dream guy:uniform strong passionate good looking tall buff an country wonder if hes out there
We still have baguettes. Get yours for $1 a baguette! Today only!
Westbrook is dumping
I was writing a song today and omg it fits your voice very well ha! ^_^
I'm so, so sorry! Hope it gets better quickly!
what's up?
Who all is going to #Sun #belt? any #pioneers?
hyfr we will. I'm home during the lilac festival right??
they're learning from the best ;) ...unless you weren't showing them the ropes that is.
JUST THE BASICS YOU FUCK!!!
After sleeping through a 100 million years we've finally opened our eyes on a luxurious planet, plentiful with life.
what does it look like ?
My guess is Francis. Unfortunately!
Vegetarian zombies eat Gggrrraaaaiiinnnsss!!!
I don't know any of the answers on this test, and no one wanted to be my partner....
I just want one mother fucking delicious moment
And I'm up.
Your so fine I might come back to life just to see you.
I'm on your side. I hate flying because of BS airlines and TSA crap. I'd rather drive.
Democratization of content- using handheld tech to aid mobile medical reference (meeting users where they are)
let's go together soon !!
I would say the #Angels are further below par than my beloved I'm not too upset with how the Crew is doing thus far.
Saw a man with a tramp stamp on his back today...thats a first for me!! Does this mean he is bi or gay or is this a normal thing nowadays?
In 8 days letter box promotion blitz starts!
Part I: Sears Roebuck sold 75,000 wood frame houses from catalog between 1917 and 1940. About $2000 each but only $1 deposit needed.
Sadly.. No
i'm a good example ;)
I'm falling more and more in love with you everyday! We were meant to be together, I could tell from the beginning. You mean the world to me
Little did you know that I'd make it on my own.
the good spot does it again! ask norris barley...or queen latifah:)
Man Code: If you are unsure if the movie you are about to see is a chick flick or not you better roll with a few friends
The #women #farmers federation is women-managed and operated. It is registered as an official federation in Uttar Pradesh,
No no no no no !!!!!!! I refuse , fxck it & ima thugg it out like i do everythingg else ..
Tomorrow is Friday but today is the day you can save 25% in your fist order #SouthFlorida - Printed tees, embroidered polos, corp apparel!
Excellent point.
Hey NOW, I want to add that jazz is awesome! Love the show, more so love the howard 100 news team. Steve Langford is funny!
S/o to 11after11
how do you spend hump day? i spend mine smelling lovely lilacs, making delicious chocolate cake, & trying to pick my mailbox lock!
Dolphins free agent gone - RT : DT Paul Soliai looking at either a 5-year or 2-year deal with Broncos. Debating the options.
Work again. <U+0001F613>
But One Thing I Knw I Always Dream Big
I was a virgin until age 18. I mean, I sucked a few tits and fingered a few of my 3rd based cousins but I neva stuck it inside
How in the hell am I supposed to do 7 classes, when I only want 5 on my SENIOR class schedule..
Get your teams in for tomorrow! Go for the Super Bowl Tickets. Simple and Free. Check us out at www.playffnow.com
ah! I'm so sorry!! I just got the notification for the DM like 2 minutes ago. I did all the translations and DM u them
hahahah, i don't have an eye so i can't see you :(
they luvin that R&G all n tha Chi we bout to b world wide my nicca!
hahaha thank you!
My prayers go out to the folks at Fort Hood. This has been a terrible war.
RT : I live in NC &see this as a giant step backwards. I'm quite conservative just prefer fights worth winning this does NOTHING
I've been great, brought in the new year with friends and family doing a chili cook off, and you?
Hopefully a yes?!?!
Also, reading a lot of student papers arguing that people who want to balance work and family are "lazy."
tank u, tankah u lol love ya!
LMFAO SAME well atleast ill try to ... c:
I mean I do what I do
Questions I ponder: Why did Jay-z change his flow from the one he had in the 90's???
I keep hearing that!! Oh and it wasn't that expensive it was bout what I expected to pay!!
Last refuge of a scoundrel!!!!!!!!!! Mr. Moose!
<U+201C>: "Kancho" is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.<U+201D> ok
kill it out there yo!
Please keep ur #WeightOfTheNation tweets coming & FOLLOW & - fighting obesity in Hamilton County, Ohio. RT!
hahah I get bored! LI blows. And red fades so fast, no?
#nowwatching The Deadly Assassin. The Master is creepy looking now... He's pretty much a corpse! I miss Roger Delgado...
Im worried now.
Have an idea for next post: cross generational mentoring. Will send this week.
hahahaha shut up!! Lol but ay it was nice
Pretty crappy "hello" tonight, btw.
bet I will hit you guys up when we leave the bars.
Listening to some good relaxing music. Going to bed..goddnight.
you know I want in. don't keep me out.
You might also follow as he is new to the Twitter and tweets cool stuff about Victorians and George Eliot.
Genres are dumb anyway. I know what I like, and I should be smart enough to come up with better descriptions.
Eagles got Steve Smith too?
We love your magazine! You should definitely add your "twitter" link to your FB profile! :) Glad to be in touch!
please say something to me :((
Wow I really miss seattle.
Houston Oilers had some nice uniforms.
You're welcome! RT This is a special shout-out for the terrific for making magic happen! Thanks from the heart!
um while Drogba is very attractive - I didnt need to see that - its to early in the morning
Keep it up! Good cause!
RT DJ MIM's Chocolate City Mix debuts on TOMORROW at 4pm. Keep it locked with !<---Check this out
a photo shoot and to hang out with some friends and family!
by seconds, was driving back from Mequon...It's ok, I laid where the truck usually parks for a few minutes. Next time;)
He's writing a book about the 2010-2011 Miami Heat?
Writing an archaeology paper. I don't really understand what is going on...
Avengers or Patron?
Good thing #UFC145 has an official corn snack - I eat #CornNuts to help me with my ass kicking
<U+E03E><U+E326>It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday everybodys looking forward to the weekend weekend! Friday Friday kicking back on Friday every
Merry Christmas!!
When I'm lazy i just retweet people
sorry i havent been on much. i was in Provo Utah for the weekend. So what did i miss
i love it very much miss u guys on tv
So sleepy today, 5 o'clock please hurry!
just got home form TX had a great time filming for Germain TV at the cutie patootie pageant I won grand supreme
Idk I'm bored!
12/2/2010 5 Social Media Mistakes That Hurt Your Sales Social Media Examiner
Crazy night last night in puerto rico. Woke up in the house my mission trip was working on...
Zakk wylde's guitar is in my favorite restaurant :)
Sometimes I think College bball players are in the NBA . So im like "I wonder what kind of house they live in or how much money they make" .
and, in truth, doesn't FSU want those teams in conference to make them look better?
Lil sister-ish is super irate about the hossa hit
my mind is open wide , and now i'm ready to start .
Nice work on our credit rating.... What's next?
LeBron James has really stepped up his acting for the playoffs. Tremendous energy to be able to flail on every play.
Infant mortality in my neighborhood is three times the national average.
all your #taiwanese fans are going to watching this one, only no body want to hear you say Seeya this time
Eighty-Eight Former NBA D-Leaguers Highlight 2011-12 NBA Opening Day Rosters
Swag it out! :)
#That1FriendThat you can tell anything to no matter what
Lol so that a b for badd ?
yeah! Its been amazing so much better than SBS!
A small volume might give a wonderful account of the medieval world but would you know what Anselm wrote? It is worth knowing.
Finally have a Sunday night free to join #sbchat -- been way too long
"Two are better than one. . . . If one falls down, his friend can help him up." -Ecclesiastes 4:9,10
aha I'm sorry (:
Summer term is over. Don't forget to register for fall. In the meantime enjoy the next couple of weeks off.
Full Friday ahead, and I'm looking forward to it.
well...of course i remembered :)
Good morning and make it an alkaline day!
ATTN: Local LA Bands! Email yr info to if you're interested in participating in a summer music event hosted by WiredIn!
My cat Bob, is a lazy fuckwad...sleeps all the time...
No idea. When I found Dave again he was living in Thailand. MTV was starting to suck by then.
In Melbourne, FL, teaching at the FIT Creative Writing Institute and staying by the beach in (wonderfully named) Indialantic.
Well I was glad that you let me help you I just didn't want you to get more sick then you already were so that's Y I offered !*)
I hadn't thought of that angle. If only I could just say "Avada kedavra!" and GO.
me neither, i can jam out to them all day long!!
So I take it the rest of 2012 is gonna be shitty?!! Great -_-
Seeing Hunger Games...
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. -John Barrymore
Banks prepare for the return of the drachma
#Shutthefrontdoor Gossip Girl is back on!
we on it!
First big summery thunder storm of the season... Love the smell so much
hey(: how're you?
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!
Did anyone get into Google+? Do tell.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself-Anna Quindlen
I wonder if you miss me.. Probably not......
newspapers are irrelevant anyway.
thnkx for the love bro!!!!
hi pretty! I love you;)
Good thing! Stalkers can be an issue!
not for labor--my labor was very fast and intense, so not a lot to track. But I use Total Baby for nursing and love it.
#metro DC #redline, single tracking due to passenger hit by train at Rhode Island Ave. earlier in the day. Check WMTA website for updates.
It's good to be positive! What is one thing you love about yourself? We want to hear.
this will seem weird, but the Americans are greatly respected by me, they're cool. RUSSIA IS COMPLETE SHIT!!
Don't trust it, V! It's EVIL!
#nyy #yankees Joe, you must start immediately working in the cages on the BUNT. We can't let Maddon & now the whole league..... F with us !!
Sarah, don't be such a girl. Playing tonight will be fun!
#ItsInsaneHow time moves us on
Just signed up for I hope this is an easy system. I really want to save money grocery shopping! $200/2wks wont cut it anymore.
what happen?
celtics got that win tonite!!! my day was just made:))
RT : My favorite spot to vacation is the Riviera Maya in Mexico!//sounds wonderful!
Can't wait to get off work
And singing it, too! ;)
The typical male housecat will weigh between 7 and 9 pounds, slightly less for female housecats.
bless up yourself! Thanks for following": #np u'l be mine.toi iz one of my great artist to be u"
In bed with babee about to call it a night, we so damn old Lol <3
Thanks Hetty Chang!
President Obama came out swinging today! The rich who gained at the expense of the rest of us should have to pay their fair share. My Prez!
Please give Chuck and Blair the happy ending they deserve.
Stay tuned for an all new iBand.me !
RT : Spring Forward: Don't forget to set your clocks ahead one hour before going to bed on Saturday night.
hit me on FB
So frustrated right now. Really need to blow off some steam :[
Craig Owens is back in Chiodos..!
Where's the final boss??? MT : we all softened on the ending after talking it out like an after school special.
Give us a minute to explore- got to be something hiding w/the skeletons... maybe not exactly what phillydotcom needs but...
Us too for the OSCI project, but smaller scale.
Operation: Kill The Bitch.
Ima also have Max B perform at my wedding thru a cellphone on speaker fuck with me
Matinee performance for Youth [A Raisin In The Sun] w/ talk back
Men here wear capris. Time to get back to nyc!
I know others that use quick books as well. What do u think about it??
Here you go: "No, thank you." And then refer them to someone else who may be able to assist them. "No" is a complete sentence.
that would be sweet...im hopeing for that now that u mention it
lol possibly glad you made it out!
send live updates for those of us who couldn't be there. Tweet The Kiss!
I'm guessing the only reason Denver is looking at #Manning is so #Tebow can teach him how to run!
Today's cooking also includes making tomorrow's pork green chili & chicken with homemade bbq sauce and marinade. YUM!
I know a guy who spent 15K to make a utube video & got 2O hits. And I know a chick who booty shaked on her Iphone and got 3000! Painful.
lol u silly :)
Almost kickoff time!
If you can't figure out if a guy is gay or straight, just listen closely to how he says the word "bitch."
Unfollow this page and follow dha new one
Did journalist dude really think he was going 2 get away w/ "___ in the armor?" WOW! Idea 4 New occupy: occupy for Jeremy Lin!
Tracy McGrady is trying to see that second round. 10 points already
lol your held account for my case
I'm at and isn't here...I'm confused...
Good to know. Thanks. Are some of the others charging for every use of the debit card?
Glad to hear that :)
And what will happen ?? <U+2665>
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
Excited to announce Congressman Lipinkski (D-IL) to sign on as the 32nd Co-Sponsor of NMAP!!
Do you even watch the games, or just go off of box scores? You should have blogging rights be revoked for such a statement
We Like to Party / Let's Get It On mashup?! Lovee it
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp left the game against the Rockies during the 3rd inning due to a hamstring injury.
Seriously. It's freakin' everywhere.
The world is a asshole and I'm the next big shit
pretty AVI boo.
Bending the rules of videoconferencing by adding movable tables and chairs to our Center's distance learning classroom. Pics soon.
babysitting but literally watching tv and that's what I guess white people call babysitting & I'm good with that. :) easy money!
T Woods in great shape on 18. It's Sunday!
I need someone different
Wow stupid spam in my inbox #word .
#Podhbcu brief daily writing sessions - even 5 minutes each day <U+2013> results in increased writing productivity AND IMAGINATION
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction. Tom Browne
Not bland. Subtle. Not boring. Subtle. Not meaningless. Subtle.
Spotting a rat in NY is like spotting a squirrel in LA.
The USA is still a populist country.
Stressed. Should be sleeping, but there's too much on my mind.
it's a great day
Don't Panic! Tips from Safe Kids USA - Story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Back in NYC!
#CT2011 - it will be slow to move to the cloud at my campus -- all kinds of privacy issues, myths, pessimism, blah blah blah
Tweeting live from Woodland and Euclid in Lexington!
Robbie (perched precariously on the back of couch): "Hey Mommy! You wanna wonder how i got up here?"
Marketing Assistant C0595 A confident self starter with good basic marketing skills and strong IT knowledge. Event managing at Trade shows,<U+2026>
Two American cities just did a collective sigh of relief. Great win by the Giants.
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.
haha me too
Check this video out -- White girlz go dumb 2 youtube.com/watch?v=n3EaLM<U+2026> via
same to you
What are the 2 worst things to do in this heat? Boil pasta & clean! We can take care of one of those for you!!!
The kids made me feel old, ha.
"I have a good feeling about you. Let's see where this goes" just might be my famous last words. I hope not ;)
I need to take these damn contacts out before I go blind. Damn restrictions....
BOX OFFICE MOJO: Think Like a Man Repeats Box Office Win with $18 Million
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 9
Oh yes, do check out MCN (#MCN2012 is in Seattle, twitter home ). Would be great to see you in person one of these days!
1996, then Metrostars forward Giovanni Savarese bicycle kick goal vs. Tampa Bay in a comeback win.
not your fault hope u had. Good time. Did u tell the host who switched u already had a reservation but wanted to change?
#IwishIcould get more Baltimore high school juniors to register for this MAJOR scholarship opportunity:
I'll show him in the morning when he wakes up. He's gonna be stoked.
really :) I've been great
It's really good! I've never seen it before!
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication. -Roger Staubach
How do people just let their kids run around stores like that...?
That awkward moment when your alone with the guy you like
Better to report issues yourself rather than an outside organization reporting it for you.
Mid 70's for the last 5 days! San Diego weather is the real deal!
Hey Michael! Thanks for the follow!
*beats head on desk* oh monday, why you gotta do me so wrong?
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER $ LIFE IS GOOD !!! REP N DA HEADS THAT WANNA GLOW & GIVE N EM A HIT OF THIS FLY SHIT ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
How many times do we need to type #levilowrey to get #levilowrey trending?! Sheesh. People are getting sleepy over here but I <3
God forgive me, I been hurt by a couple niggas That's why I wake up, say my prayers and be like 'Fuck a nigga!!!
You'll be fine! Just hug a pillow and you'll be good to go!
Next time you rent a car at the Sac Airport...check out Dollar and Thrifty Car Rentals. Jan Pro is so excited to be cleaning their facility.
Skinny pants & some vans!!
Ah, then go crazy. There is such a thing as too many strawberry shortcake popsicles and fudgsicles.
Going to the opera, like getting drunk, is a sin that carries its own punishment with it.
Transfer to/from fort lauderdale miami for $65.00 in a lincoln towncar
All about #BracketForBriskets for the #NCAA tourney. Great product tie-in and who doesn't want to win some good ole TX BBQ?
what if we (Joe & I) pull something 2gether & pass it to you for review?
like coastal contacts on fb and you can get them for just shipping cost sometimes
Here is 1/2 of a promo code for Slice HP, iPad game: NELMHX Sorry about that, it was CUT in half, hehee. The 2nd half will be tweeted soon
good luck Brad at KCA's ...glad you are having an amazing year!
Molina should have been called for interference twice on that play. Seriously.
Guess who getting overtime......
Theme parks on acid? Now you need to have someone go to a s<U+00E9>ance on DMT. Now THAT would be some fukked shit!
If i dont look your way .. Bitch you irrelevant <U+0001F602><U+270C>
I wish Sis it was a fake 1....sorry 2 get every1 excited wit me :-(
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
sickening! I'm jelly
Downloading music from the blogesphere, feelin' a little thirst comming on, lol!
likes my peaches to crunch like apples
In my best Southern voice.."what is that? and are you eating that?"
I love falling asleep with writing on the back of my hands and waking up with it imprinted on my face..
hope you find your phone lil sis jenn <U+0001F60A> don't cry and #keepitpositive <U+0001F604> love yew <U+2764><U+0001F493><U+2764>
I think I'm in love with the Vince Lombardi trophy!
don't you wish the was there to share it with you though.
Agreed. In Rainbows is such a good album! Not too big on the new one though.
The Voice.
Excited for Monday>>>> #RattPack Young Sinatra: Undeniable is about to kill it.
Only 9 tickets left out of 50 for the Backroads Brewery Bus Tour! Vintage has 2, Alchemy has 3 and our website has 4.
Sorry man, rough day!!
crushing some pancakes with my boys this morning. yesh..,..
Was voter #50 at my polling place. Pushed the button for Williams for DA & Mandel for Controller. Philadelphians, go VOTE!
Sweet! We are excited.
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac We see more stability in altac careers than tenure-seeking academics.
lol who was it
Lord you bless me in so many ways(: i couldnt ask for anything else!
RT : Scientists know the obvious stuff, they want the wierd and wonderful,and the undiscovered...!!
Some of my favorite organizing apps: , , ,
Definitely callin the cops RT If you came home & Jemele Hill was butt naked in your bed, y'all would Jeff Hardy dive in that box.
Well it started like this....a Cobb Conversation
supposedly. :-) It's my masters project - right now I'm working on a Obj-C WebSocket implementation as part of that project.
I'll contact you soon.
Irsay sure makes a lot more sense on twitter than he does when he speaks.
Are there still dumb asses who think Obama controls gas prices?????
we r sexy <U+E107>
That awkward moment when you tell your mom you're going to die of starvation and she says "well make it quick" -_-
Niall you looked adorable today. omg i love you. <333
yall pray for me with these finals cause Ima need it
where am I getting what from? My tweets? Just saying it how it is bro;)
Saved again by the
Haha thanks - lots of people are passing it around; I wondered who made it.
RT if you want me to dm for you?x
no way. That's dope!
Okay? we can make another still lmao
ill be panda express but you the Panda
2things about Mr.Dennis's tests: 1)he never tells you when youll have one 2)you dont remember learning any of it
your welcome
Opening day at Fenway! Anyone going to the game?
says #Facebook is about communicating with customers you already have, not generating new customers
. Look both ways before opening a door?
so incredible! It should have at least a million hits!! :)
time to see if the party of "no" has used the last 2 yrs to figure how to fix the mess they made the previous 8!
bahahaha!! Best line of the whole movie.
Lori was named one of the Dean Dozen during her 2004 campaign for Assembly. Another? in his US Senate race.
Proud to have been elected to Board of Greater Sissonville Development Council yesterday... Don'tcha be puttin no extra S in Sissonville now
I really have to poo right now and this computer just said something about logdump. Not helping.
The Rattlers never seemed to get on track tonight. V Gray was "dearly" missed
aww - hugs to kitty and commiseration to you.
Same to you! Enjoy your day, and see ya around Lifetime!
I made my self a bowl of cereal today :D but when I went to the refrigerator to ger milk guess wat there was no f***in milk :D
thanks for the inspiring talk at NYU. Digging the mixtape
In relationships: 1) Don't lie. 2) Don't cheat. 3) Don't make promises you can't keep.
johnny depp is so hot in cry baby
Great endeavors start with a dream & blossom with a plan! What's yours?
Watching the matrix with the family(:
NEEDS SOMETHING 2 DO!!! ASAP!!.
That's probably the best part of the movie then.
I know what you're doing right now, reading this and following me ;)
Session done time to rest and do it again 2maro busy
50% of business are using Macs!
( For what protecting your love-ones life?
you like boobs
I'm 20 feet away from , and he has no idea I'm staring right at him. :)
in your backyard for few days. Here in Ky and man it's cold!
Him: You said you got parking tickets for Christmas? Her: Hockey tickets. God no. Anyway we really ham it up. We all go in debt for gifts.
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
My favorite "Kardashian" is now officially
Wondering what to eat for lunch?!
UCONN needs to close this out.
Philly fans are the most class-less fans in all of sports. They all need to get beat to shit.
6/6 laptops in this meeting are MBP's
As a prospector I'll put aside politics tonight. Miners of Chile, I stand with you! So you should all vote Ol' Floppy for Mayor!
"she loves her mamma's lemonade And hates the sound that goodbyes make She prays one day she'll find someone to need her."
<U+201C>: Jonathan Vilma must feel like the one guy at a college party that got ticketed for underage drinking.<U+201D>
I wanna see the rap battle >:|
RT : its a hoodie type of day
im good, how are u cutie? where you been at stranger
o.m.f.g i forgot to tell you something. :D
hey bro face time with me.
Fuck a nigga up if they get in ur face
:-( I hope we can change hearts and minds. Thank you for all you do! :)
I need you to follow me before I can DM you!
I don't know why I can't shake this cough or sniffly nose. Very annoying.
have you played The Walking Dead video game? it is pretty amazing . . . and craycray.
Wicked smart. MT Hesitant to return to #alamw12 during "waiting for the exhibits to open". On the pool deck of the sheraton.
2nd mention of the buggy whip I've seen today. It's 9:10am. RT Will snow days go the way of the buggy whip?
You guys how long are we gonna keep up this 'FF' charade?
Truth ": KU may have won, but all of America lost for having watched that. #fact #kubball #kstate"
People dont even stand up when they're leaving for the bathroom.
If you need some footage filmed or a music vid while you're in Dallas,TX im here bruh...
Well its actually a series Called the Revenge . Well hey don't worry soon u will be able to get some rest
Doing your make up in the car is not the easiest thing to do.
lunchtime workout?! I could use a serious break from projects and powerpoints!
Best Indian #food for #SXSW goers: #GarageMahal. Go. Eat. Naan. Best burgers: #Hopdoddy. Best place to #peoplewatch?
World Vision study finds 71% of Americans will spend less this holiday season.
RT : Good Morning after a long wknd let's get it!
Ask Louis (; ": I wonder how it feels to sleep Naked"
Hard to hear conversation at
The Apps for the Army session is about to begin. Standing room only.
vikes and bears at lambeau, I mark my calender for those games every year!
Mouthwash commercials are the grossest things ever.
im sorry you got peed on bby LOL c:
If a guy listens to Marianas Trench...they're automatically like 10xs hotter.
Put two 9's to ya chest we gonna call you Warren Sapp for you rats that's tryin to take cheese from tha trap
I would like to thank the mosquito for biting me on forehead. When I scratch it,it makes me look like I am lost in thought&smarter than I am
on track to be uber late to robin lakoff's talk today, and i've almost knocked own 3 ppl on metro. and it's raining. gonna be a great day.
I'm nicer than you allow me to be...
I'm ready to go eat <U+0001F621>
Love your black nail polish and contrasting shamrock! Good luck, Lucky13s, with your blog!
omg... Hilarious.
I looovvee that song
If someone gives U 5 days to review it...RUN!!! Nothing should be so important that U don't have time to consult a lawyer.
Yes, yes I did, because unlike you, iTunes is enough for me
UCONN won do they got it in them to repeat
thank you!
Looking to improve your New York City home? Get a free painting estimate this weekend! 877-912-5252
#Peace on earth begins @ home. I am now learnin the #truth of that statement
thanks for wanting to help It's affected our tv watching since he bought it Two kids constantly complaining about it wears on us
Social media's important but email still best way to pitch. Best way to be heard is to listen
Could get a jump start on HW or lay around, be lazy and watch puck. hmm ill take option two
Thurs., 3/1 booth at #GOA2012: Label Printing w/ Monty Faulkner. See the WS6000 printing prime labels at an impressive speed & quality..
any fool can say their sorry #SpiceGirls #SayYou'llBeThere
Given the green light to write a travel story about the Hoover Dam...will definitely wotk in some Vegas Vacation Chevy Chase "Dam" comments.
im sleepin on my chair tonight
SLIfoundation.org.....visit me on facebook. St. Lucia Island Foundation
Just watched a LIVE high speed chase of a white minivan from Milwaukee to Kenosha County on suspects caught
saturday! They last a week
Mental note, wear gloves the next time I chop up habaneros and caribbean peppers!
Are you saying you like high school girls with poofs?
Houston Astros, Brett Myers close to multiyear contract extension
all of the above. And decided I needed to load up the locksmith w tequila as a thank you
I gotta sell for at least 300.00
You're going out in style and I'm getting tired Of all your lying, stop pretending, stop.
that AzMarie woman looks creepy and LOL at them. "Shacked up" lmao.
i have ac prom but lets be fun saturday !
Another great #smckc breakfast this morning
makin coin?
yea you might be a bad bitch but no female should put that label of being a bitch on theirselves
P. Dan Wiwchar~ Your brain can only absorb what your ass can endure.
#follow the realist niggas in yo city.
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much."--Helen Keller (<U+03A6>BK, Radcliffe College, 1904)
jan Im going to miss you SO much..
Teaching to learn. What social media looks like in the classroom.Your thoughts in a direct message, please?
Half of the world is compose of people who have something to say & can't, & the other half have nothing to say,but keep on talking.
Passion trigger <U+2013> You attract through emotion.
RT : Ideas and resources are flying. So much energy.
Also hit up my pure volume www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord :)
LOL. Just giving you a hard time
definitely a gem, any other recommendations?
i'm sure it wasn't that bad
omg I miss blingee. I still make them from time to time.
Damn, who's the blonde? lol
When you start discussing customized sprocs and added parameters, you can take me off the email.
Get what you can an give the rest to the needy
breaking: Rangers' Josh Hamilton on pace for 85 homers and 209 RBI cc:
FREE TAN IN ANY LEVEL to the first 5 retweets!!! Good today only!
Like when u were here,love them shoot first PGs! : My lil bro monte Ellis traded to Milwaukee. What y'all think about that???
I wanna go to #Denver nd see my dad :/ Meh. P.L.U.R.<3
Watching adam sandler christmas
I assume that your account has been compromised, as I just received a "LOL look at UR crazy pix" DM from you. Rum luck.
Sadly, the weekend is coming to an end...going back home.
thank you (:
my kids are into #planking. this ish is too funny!
Oh, that bar doesn't show up on my iPad/safari.
I'm speechless....my Heat team is in TROUBLE!!
awww yes he is adorable Katie
can we get it in target?
I was a Starbucks drinker for 6years until now. I can't honestly attest to no stains but it tastes great w/o the coffee breath
#JohnnyDepp "Depp Perception" design is available this Tuesday, March 27th at by for only $10 RT to win free tee
Hey out there! I'm running low on the tweets because I'm low on time but stoked to see the group growing! www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib
Casually tumbling in the front lawn, where you at
Happy Friday Eve...Looking forward to the weekend?
Had a really bad panic attack last nite. Woke up didnt know what happened. Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe. Feel real ...
Amazing play by Inge. This regular season won't end. On to extra innings.
I'm going to sleep Kelli.! See You tomorrow.! I love You Monster <3
Look for our new webpage coming soon @ www.sandiacourtyardhotel.com ... Happy Holiday to one and all!
Why Dave Mustaine? Why?!?!?!?!
"...the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations." Rev 22:2
i was invited to do water polo by my pool teacher :cc i don't wanna go
Hitting the gym
thanks for the pep talk
No problem! They're good friends of mine and make insanely cute stuff. I just wish I lived on the East Coast and could go to cons
exactly! now if i was expecting orange juice....
Buford's stroke is wet.
I mean you only live once, that's the motto
RT : Just wait until R November elections...and by 2012, I predict that Obama willBhistory>can we last that long?
Staying home again! Getting serpents shadow today!!!!!;)
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
SHOCKED :O
Oh same if i would pick who is hottest it would be vinny urs ?
Today, I shall listen to Jonathan Coulton all day and giggle. I just have to make Pandora cooperate.
My brother is so overprotective, he's worse than my dad!!!! -_-
Praying 4 Gene Hackman, hit by bicycling in Florida. Hope surgery is a success & recovery is speedy. Seems & moron has a drivers license.
TGIF tweet peeps! I hope everyone has a great labor day planned. God Bless
Hmm. Maybe I will order he fight. RT Floyd says he feels great at 151. Says Cotto looked drained. I didn't see it.
You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology.
Noticed a few *calls for submissions* yesterday. Will try to do a mini round-up today and post on the website.
i am right now ;) goodnight x
True. I think it will be hard for the #Orioles to do well after the long games. They're playing some great teams too.
I hate where i go through these cycles where im happy for a couple hours then depressed for a few hours then happy again so annoying
For real??? This is helpful. I'm going to the grocery store today. Going to add that to my list!
I LOVE THOSE!!!!
Keep ya head on a swivel
Thanks for the RT, Susan.
Josh Smith was injured tonight and you know what he was wearing... ADIDAS!!!
I'm good w/both boyd observation and the suggestion to delete (tho deleting Tweets is pretty hard.)
I could not have said it better.
In whose world are the "Girls" middle-class? Let's be real. I'm probably middle-class, which means my parents have no money. Being literal.
YAY!!!! You're on Twitter!!
^_^ 3 more days. W00T! :3 I can't wait until my birthday :D
Well if you want me to go then I'll go. And if you ask me to leave I can leave.
I appreciate it man!! We're a rare breed.
I had a date tonight. For all the anxiety I suffered beforehand, it turned into a wonderful evening.
ALERT; GOSY is our new alert
he said thank u (:
I was just there! Picking up some habanero lime tortillas, naan, cranberries, spinach, you know, the uzh.
HOW IN GODS NAME CAN YOU CALL THAT A STRIKE?
GOOD MORNING! :D ...i just wanted to let ya know i think YOUR AMAZING! and very Talented! I LOVE YOU!! (: follow me please!
Chelsea lately fat neck ass..Yu gotta glass eye..always ROLLIN looking ass..pass me day Michael..8mile looking ass
I work wit Cory, holla atcha boy! Everybody follow
Glad you found our infographic interesting, thanks for sharing!
What's the largest Nano out these days? I am a huge music fan so i like to maximize my shuffle options.
Hope you enjoyed your beers! They are two of our favorites right now.
<U+201C>: cause I wanna see em<U+201D>you'll b ok
Pink Ivy
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet & mental approach
Just wanna lay down and be anti social
Prepare meals that don't easily get spoiled & can be recycled.
Congrats to our friends on yesterday's college fair at UIC! One day = thousands of students helped and inspired.
Music Mondays- I'm just learnin' this stuff myself! How was your Viper Room show? Was tryin to get there but couldn't make it.
Can't wait to try this new abs class tonight at the gym.
How do you feel about balancing the two?
TY all <U+2665> I will Tweet When it starts getting bad an let u all know!
Omg @ replied me for the first time in like 2months yay im like super happy now
12 days until #Christmas?!
I oftn put too much siracha on my food.
EITHER WAY I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHAT YOU THINK I'M ENTITLED TO
Thank you!
Amazes me every day! RT : Seriously. How is it that people have an unlimited supply of stupidity.
that's a good girl right there.
I can't see the word Miller without immediately thinking Mac Miller.
I had a wonderful dinner at U.S. pizza! Fajita chicken pizza, yum yum! My server was great & I got $5 off for mentioning restaurant week!
Crews working on the major chill water line in the Grove. No AC for Sid for 2 more days. accommodations being made for the RA's & Masters.
oh no, all of you please keep tweeting about Wiz Khalifa, because i really care.
alright it's a deal :p
I really wanna get On That with that bitch tomaa.
It's only correct to listen to a song for the first time with your best headphones and the volume all the way up.
JOIN..THE..MOVEMENT..AS..WE.. PUSH..AN..ENTIRE..GENERATION.. TO..BE.. #INDEPENDENT #TEAMSELFMADE rizselfmade
IDG Open Gov survey: ~13% of gov't respondents measure their use of Web 2.0 have metrics session this afternoon
. NodeXL can display or remove grid lines and edges. See Autofill Columns or contact me for support.
Is the word trust in peoples vocabulary anymore?
what all u got to get from da store
love how im on your bio
The Spurs made all the right moves.
Just crossed paths with a fitness guy at He devotes every morning to staying abreast of emerging trends in his industry.
MAHALO #hon12 for allowing me to share my Life's Journey! I had a great time! God Bless and have a great weekend! - Elwin
then to shot is gone you scored good all you need is thirty hours just go bruh it's good boring but good
Gotta watch Sass N Style: www.youtube.com/ahsalinger
Thanks for the follow! MARSHMALLOW MADNESS! by - delicious and fluffy gourmet marshmallow recipes.
blah! i hate stalkers!
A few club students are making a feature this summer. Please check out
OMG Rhinestone Cowboy! My evening is complete.
There are so many pressures that are put upon young women. Whatever we can do to alleviate that . - Drew Barrymore
#NowPlaying <U+2013>Sted-E & Hybrid Heights <U+2013> Coldplay <U+2013> Every Teardrop is a Waterfall (Swedish House Mafia Remix)
Thank you for the follow.
Our soup today is "Unstuffed" Pepper; Ohio sausage, rice, tomatoes, red and green bell peppers and garlic.
I LOVE YOU
Who would you rather keep in FF, Lance MOore, TO or Nate Washington? Pick 2 to keep...
Without the tan it's only a Man hat.
Using Dragon software to dictate my comments this marking period--so far, so good. It is a little faster than typing and less tiring.
some relatives email me funny pics, others send me articles about percentage depletion allowance and oil industry tax credits
IAN'S NIPPLES THO.
True blood , hhhmmmmmm delicious ....
Have a feeling they could be working on a McGehee trade?
ya know a vending machine w/ hendricks and lime wedges would be gent...
Paris strands a runner at 3rd as we move to the bottom of the 9th tied at 4
<U+201C>: When we are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control us.<U+201D>
wednesday.. headache.. stress. SUMMER COME FASTER
Hi Jason, thanks for finding me! I'm a midwest farmers daughter from Illinois! Who knows, maybe we will work together someday :)
Our non profit is chugging away negotiating a loan fund for African Emerging Markets ... The Magazine is our: microfinancefocus.com (dow ...
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live
Today I celebrate my 21st Wedding Anniversary! Still in love after all these yrs!
watching tv you?
<U+201C>: we are reuniting with our best friend tonight #excited<U+201D> yayy! Can't wait :)
Did anyone wake up to an email from Amazon recommending a pair of #MenInBlack3 sunglasses that come with a movie ticket?
Thanks for the #FF!
ok so my family wants to do nothing for easter!?!?... mama's getting drunk on Sunday bwahaha
It's National Family Day... and also National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! Perfect combo! Make some cookies w/ the kids today!
just saw you in a beer commercial. told my friends who you were like I know you though I've only seen you in asssscat.
geez, i shoulda went in the air force instead
M beer. Looking forward to Passover!!
Cards picked up hopefully a great receiver
went to The Taming Of The Shrew tonight... best play I have seen! Well done!
Anyone wanna buy my tix for tomorrow, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday? They are cheapest tix on Stub Hub but no one is buying.
thanks, I'll dupe as well.
(Have I mentioned I'm #cyberfunding this story? It's all sort of exciting.)
I GOT A SONG WIT ONE OF THE BIGGEST ARTIST IN THE CITY.....RETWEET IF YOU WANNA BE FEATURED ALONGSIDE !!!!!!!!!
She really was the epitome of both, wasn't she? And she spoke Portuguese :)
Reggie Miller preaching the
Watching Sharisse play video games.
Thanks for retweeting to fund our idea to Teach Kids with autism & their siblings to swim !
"Bitch I'm MC hammer.. I'm about cream" BOSS! RT : NY STATE OF MIND... LET'S GET CREAM !!!!
The Dallas Cowboys select Morris Claiborne. And the rafters echo with "Cowboys suck." Guess what else sucks, haters? We got him. You didn't.
This girl at Jack hooked me up. I think she likes me ;)
Hell when u got to masturbate then go right ahead..:-) :-) :-) :-)
Working on a bit of character #animation tonight.
I dont think any of my followers knows italian or french :/
Thanks to our new followers last week (Part 3):
My 16-y-o's building a homemade Moog synth & prepping for a gig at BB King's. My 14-y-o just got nominated for AllStars. :)
Live life to the fullest
Congrats to Alex and Matt W on getting solos in our crazy dance club song! /te
Why the f*** isn't my blacklisted app working???
Excited to try the creations from the chefs Slopes Dining Room at #FlavorsofWestmoreland on Sunday!!
All day Incubus on
Just watched #iLostMyMind again with my little girl....ridiculous how happy it makes me....
Infield in for the pirates...
well...u could tie yourself to a tree or put concrete in your shoes!
wait till saturday lol
Personally, I was hoping to hear from Kat on this topic. She has #Mizzou J-School degree, works for FB team.
Don't tell me you love me and then don't show me no love.
RT : Three Fantasy College Football Drafts are in the books, just one to go.
This Android touchscreen keyboard is such a piece of shit that by itself it might convince me that switching was a terrible mistake.
thats the mission they are in, they are in monrovia liberia - I think it's the mission home
Employers, let us help you find qualified and hard-working employees!
I don't want you to die, 'cause that'd be sad. I just want you to stop existing.
I think I might benefit from a #gibbsslap upside the head today... can you lend a hand?
Good tips. RT Office Halloween costume parties can build morale & teamwork. Or they can kill your career. Here are some tips:..
Please welcome BlueBlood to the Max life
What is actual is actual only for one time and only for one place. -T.S.Eliot-
It's 70 <U+00B0>F in San Francisco ! What's better than that ? It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
I wish! Working out of town at the moment.. :/
Provo with 7 catches today, all of them in the 2nd half.
follow back?
Heading into bryant park.
This project is so dang frustrating -_-"
my tummy is full but I keep eating the squash because it taste so good.
Now I'M listening to "The Real McCoy", McCoy Tyner. Thanks to What a great album!!!
i like it!! anything she does is amazing lol. we can do whatever but ill keep listening for some other things too just incase
Thank you for your mention.
It's a beautiful day in the Bay!
Nah but Chris Willis did mention it during the last five minutes! I kept it a secret :)
my free time in the mornings this week were entirely devoted to reading. it took precedence over working out. a different but nice escape.
Media had finally stopped floating a return to the Big East. RT : I bet BC fans feel disrespected no one is floating BC leaving.
#Bunnarchy was amazing! If I threw a themed pub crawl for Cinco de Mayo daytime, would you be interested? It's on a Saturday this year.
We're hiring for exp CNC Operators for a MKE area client! Mill/Lathe operation set up and programming exp req! Contact us today for info!
hell yeah I'm happy! Haha, Have fun at work tomorrow. :p
everyone please follow my N.B.T. Buddies
good to hear man! :)
/ Twitter says to follow you. What are you doing that I should be concerned with?
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, and always with the same person.
Really 9 I don't care about Michael Jackson's doctor's sentencing. Put my Damn soap back on!
I know because he obeys me <U+0001F61C>
nest chair rocks!
Getting ready to go to Monstermania See you there
whats up bro
yea yea!:)
Having sex at least once per week can lower a man<U+2019>s risk of heart disease by 30%, stroke by 50% & diabetes by 40%.bit.ly/vlUUNU
i got a lot of presents today but my mom got more then me but she mostly got wine
i wanna draw travis clark but i can't find a picture help
wait, what?
I just did, Hon! I hope you would check out my page on facebook too. :)
I'm bored someone entertain me. What's new?
What did he do this time?
oh m r like real talk did mindless behavior really make a new song like real talk im fu** twekkin
we're a hologram
good luck with that one...
It's not how many people you piss-off, it's how many cool friends you acquire along the way....
Driving my new car!
Tonight Trey Grimm rocks the keys 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm no cover of course!
SHIT I didn't wish you a happy birthday via Twitter yet. God what is wrong with me!?
#NP Electric Relaxation - A Tribe Called Quest...good morning!
mark madden, we both you know you not fan of me so please stop LYING.
its hot as balls in this house...
marry me. in related news i have had to Make Some Rules for Myself about this through trial and error. lessons
Tibetan monks are setting themselves on fire to protest the Chinese Occupation of Tibet. Chinese Occupyers respond by bringing marshmellows.
This substantial, upward status improvement with Pinksheets is part of an overall strategy to improve and boost Hop-on<U+2019>s stock liquidity
No matter who wins... This Marc vs. Ruben battle needs to continue! Hilarious!
had a great time with watching a great movie. holy crap. i love it!!
Good day of planning with SugarCRM and IBM. Big plans ahead. Very exciting.
#Justin Please Follow Us
#SomeoneIWantToMeet And one day it will happen!
Happy New Year everybody!
Wishing cast and crew member, Amor Sanchez, a very Happy Birthday!
Im low key hungry
Worth repeating: "Nonprofits exist because of a market failure, cannot think of them in 'business terms'"
Creating jewelry and working on 6 drawing projects. 4 digital, 2 traditional. As well as editing 2 websites and learning CSS. God help me!
Just woke up wwwooooww still high high AN time to get high FOLLOW if u feel me
I like the classics then, Sandberg or Banks for you guys, Molitor or Yount for us...
#CLEfood what's this guest blogger shit???? What's goin on? Still drunk from OAR?
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power?
My concert is at rage
My micro-talk at the WI Ag Womens Summit was fun! Looking forward to learning more about next year's event! Glad could sponsor!
We wish all our friends, followers and travelers all the best in 2012!!
Heart stopped beating 4 atleast 10 sec. Cold RT : It has taken 12 minutes but I've finally forgiven Cal for playing with my emotions.
i dunno if we can give kids weapons. lol
One of my students really made my day. You never know where a nice gesture will come from. Thanks.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that I'm not a really shy person! ;)
have a shake for me!
it's scary. :p if I ever get caught I'm just gonna run like hell
You know, the way PHX is playing tonight (dirty) won't help Torres' appeal case much. Entire organization needs a wake up call.
Pain is weakness leaving the body
ME TOO!
Great day to be in Luckenbach Texas! 1-5p. Then straight to the Fort Sam Houston Base in San Antonio for Oktoberfest! 7:15-8:45p. Come on!!
Thanks to for representing us at #sojam2011 this weekend. You rock, Mike!
Most likely going to projectile vomit today. Watch out world :)
Either way, huge congrats to Phil Humber. What an accomplishment.
Happy B Day Best Wishes
": <U+201C> We goin in tonight at Klusoz!!!<U+201D>great it is" *Mami has spoken*
Romny is starting to pull neck and neck with Obama. It's the economy stupid.
went to sleep with curlers in my hair and woke up with a pain in the neck - you! Kisses.
RT : Impact of the "Open API Economy": "organizations are becoming SaaS providers." at
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
needs a school so he can focus on his next 2years
Sounds Great! Thanks for checking it out! cc
We'll miss ya, MCA... Love to the Beastie nation...
Congrats! Welcome to Buffalo!
#wiwo For a story about Kodak's proposed retiree health benefits cuts, am looking for Kodakers who retired after 1991.
I'm expecting a great year !!
Nice of you to say. Thanks!
perfume = High light of my dayy <3 :)
Love this market! RT : The first Broad Ripple Farmers' Market is on May 5th! We can't wait!!!
I am watching Sesame Street with my daughter. It is a great show for kids and adults. The jokes are funny and it is educational.
god i am really weird. OH WELL.
I don't understand why people watch the biggest loser. Two hours of watching people trying to lose weight.
Just sent a #baby present via #Giggle.com. Who doesn't love a #Sophie?
Who's still braiding these dudes up?? Stop it. PSA: Only <U+E231>YOU<U+E230> can prevent cornrows in the new millennium!
LOVE the new facility! Looking forward to being there onsite more!
Did you get to see the Supermoon last night? We'll be showing some of your pics this morning. Join us on Good Day Oregon from 7-9 a.m.
"6 other friends posted about MCA Records." Not quite, Facebook.
has Cola #6. I just checked. Let me know what you make....very curious after your initial tweet!
Monday is a lame way to spend 1/7 of your life...but thank goodness we've got MNF! Keep a eye out for a chance to win a free Scorzie!
I think you 2 should do this Seattle to Vegas car rally that is a little like Amazing Race www.theamericaadventure.com
Sometimes I really do feel like I'm being punk'd or like cameras should be following me. I mean...honestly. Natalie. Daily.
TURBOwriting all day long- Cultural producers are a key component NYC art museums' audience. Implications? Responsibilities? Go!
I have more respect for the stain on my sheets than I do for that piece of shit Skip Bayless... #am1000 in for mike&mike in the morning...
I wanna stay in bed! Is that too much to ask
Cut down a 13-ft Christmas tree in the woods with my brothers. Looking for a one-footer for my apartment.
nice meeting u too hun!
Cannes Film Festival You Say?.... France?.... okay.. In there Like Swim Wear!!
Hope you have a great day!
for sure! so pretty please with sugar on top...clean the fucking car!!
OMG WTH soo you are not going now!> and wait so u did re broke it??
That is the most beautiful sketch of Foxface I have ever seen in my life. Did you sketch it? xx
To get something you have never had you have to do something you have never done
Just read that you've made the move to become a Hornet! Congratulations! Fear the Red!
actually lol-ing
Man If U Not Gonna Tell Me What I Did Then Get Off My Case...
On Sunday the #LiamPayneChallenge is a go (; not using a spoon all next week ;D
Woot!! Me too! Love NUTS! =D (eating and being!)
girl. Its Ashley...remember me we use to go to functions together with bri walker lol. How are you?
Lol I love when people complain at what i tweet, and then I click on their name and see that theyre following me. Haha makes no sense.
Happy Birthday to ! Best & most inspirational manager I've ever been around. His positive attitude is a joy to be around.
Enjoys helping his people :)
tickets aren't going on sale next week, only the tour dates are being released. if you live in the U.S, tickets go on sale in june. ~
The goths are dancing. you done good.
Depends...I sub mix everything down to a 2 channel Mbox from digidesign. Works great! -rob
<U+201C>: here's to the kids who get called the worst names ever but don't give a fuuuck.<U+201D> story of my life..
I did not have the little dude today, but he's with me now while his Mum and Dad are off to see The Avengers. :)
Lmfaoo ": #PartyMemories TIN MAN going HAM "
Hetalia is a surprisingly cute anime!
My nigga I'm faded
Millennial librarian wearing quirky color/pattern contrast
Canadian illusionist Erix Logan, fluent in French and Italian, works mainly in Europe where he appears frequently on TV, See him on YouTube.
What is it about Catholic school that attracts the wierdest looking guys? <U+0001F612>
its 3am What the hell am I doin up? Lol
Now crack ia a drug...not weed but anyway, whoz BMORE....
Party hard then head to Europe on a early flight. Walking 'cross the London Bridge, that's that Fergie life.
Thankful for all the singers and musicians that gives us uplifting and comfort in our lives through their talents
Rain Rain Go Away
ya I'm just intimidated by their accents in there
Ugh. Monday. -_-
'The first thing you lose in a diet is your smile.' -Scott Patrerson
Absolutely correct
we would still love for you to write an article for us! We will be in touch, thanks so much!
league night tonight at
I am so grateful that I got my mom's nutsack genes.
Strange sight of day: burly young CDOT workers pouring sidewalk concrete while blasting Styx's Come Sail Away from truck radio. Kids today.
I sure did
#JustRememberThat life is short. Always make the best of everyday
Journey Of Discovery Ends In Beijing
Beyonce is dramatic Not she dropped the mic & bust her jacket open 2 "announce" the baby 1 min her n Jay-Z private well congrats mommy! <U+2665>
curated all the art by ArtStar and it looks amazing! stop by and snag yourself something pretty!
Nothing like talking to something using the word wicked and being asked if you're from Boston.
I feel like a loser now, but I have my night centered around the draft
I mean these shorts were daisy dukes and hands down most homo thing I ever seen
You are so much fun! Thanks for bringing NYers together for a really wonderful evening! :)
At pizza hut waiting on these cinmn sticks yummy
I woke up at 5:30am! (...having gone to bed at 1am) I am yawning quite a bit, though. :) You should come next time.
im just sayin
Hello alarm clock....hello mt.dew#good morning all
My 1st 4 periods are studyhall's, 5th & 6th period are JOKES! Then study hall AGAIN, then gay ass PIG. WHY AM I I HERE! I want to go HOME!
Day 5 of terrible packed lunches. Today: icky turkey & raw, but bruised, banana. I'll be HONGRY for dinner!
If any of you want to heavily influence my march madness bracket would be much appreciated :)
#DailyMindfulness I turned the radio off to practice mindful driving. Nonjudgment practice in traffic = priceless.
LOL - Yeah, I met some of them at WPC or TechEd last year.
Thoughts on Vikes' draft?
Im actually working on a cover for No matter what (Party All Night Long) so yay! lol
#MittRomneyFilms: Throw Momma From the train
Not a big fan of "white Hispanic", Over the yrs., tend to describe myself as 1/2 Hispanic when people ask.
#rbms09 RBMS announced today that preconference registration has reached 225 registered attendees. 200 spaces remain open.
Nano spiders and more techno bugs! Yikes! Hope I'm not allergic to the bite
So much to do,so little time.
On the grind til 5 then show feat. B Mc C at Maple Tavern in the Grove at 9! Make sure ur there tonight n if u need directions hit me up!!!
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing. <3 E.S
Thanks! I hope everyone enjoys the weekend!
Did you see Diego's radiant wife Sanra? Seriously, I might have fallen in love with her, too.
WE ALL WANT LOVE <3
Don<U+2019>t do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset .
#8WordsOfAdvice do wot the fuck you want! Go on....
POP POP!
Ugh This Is Not The Way My Prom Suppose to be!
My mistake and apologies. I'm not one to stoke the fire just for the hell of it.
Is Calipari narrating a spot for The Masters?
I really want nat to be pregggggo
Just saw a Steakhouse Strip club. Is that legal?
Which team do you think Peyton Manning should go to? We'll announce the Echo #Poll results later this afternoon.
cant wait to see the music video for #stop by so stoked ugh wanna see it so bad ): i cant wait
Physical therapy - rough today. Massage therapy - awesome today :) Ready for garage sale Saturday to CLEAN HOUSE!
Even Brandon Weeden is wearing a huge watch... So dumb...
#Imagine Waking up to Harry singing <U+201C>What Makes You Beautiful<U+201D>
SAN JOSE free show next Saturday at San Pedro Square Market. Gonna be a BANGER!!!!
i mean he gotta be fresh to death
he'll get a wrist slap to keep people happy.
Love Is Not Enough <3
everytime i think about being skinny i get depressed and eat because i'll never be skinny. i have problems
thank you xox
certificate of completion I didn't pass gqe so didn't technically graduate
I love my fans. You are my life. I'll never stop making music.
It's showtime people!
Call of kodu! How does this translate the child's life? Has there been studies in low income neighborhoods?
love you too :) sweet dreams !!
hey, hows that #volleyball pic coming along?
If you're just refilling one cup, that counts as one cup of coffee a day. Same with wine.
Sacia: This will be one of these votes that determines our moral compass. We are very poor stewards of getting our house in order.
Bout 2 have a bitch fit...not even me but...
Describing my love for One Direction is like describing the taste of water. I love them so much, it's impossible. <U+2665>
Which means I can accomplish nothing
Thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
Welcome to Greensboro!! Just got in town, bout to get setup at the hotel then go have dinner with my brother & the fam
SHIT. Did not know we had an exam today
#BestSportsRivalry Brady vs his receivers hands.
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality ... SUCKS!!
ThanKs for picking up that question
It's official: Joel Przybilla is a Trail Blazer again. Blazers waive Armon Johnson to make room.
go away.lol
So many #anhkc events this weekend to choose from and so little time.
your grass roots culture is pretty #BA dudes
I love Facebook Timeline - I'd love it more if it came with a Beast of my own!
that was jose.
Northbound lincoln has re-opened.
She's impervious...... Or I have no game.... I'd say a little of both.
Good luck to all those competing in today!
It is. Not a bad song to have stuck in your head. Could have been a lot worse!
Hey there! Thanks for shout out. I tried to reply, but I need "follow" for direct message to go through. Sac Is great; two rivers!!
" It is the human lot to try and fail"
wow. thanks.
Thought currents emanating from ignorance of the Self are called desires. Desires force you to undergo the chain of births and deaths.
But the next best thing: come down to 4th St for Crewsmas Eve tonight. It will be fun
When the time is right.. ILL know
Latondruh just threatened me over Twitter...Am I relevant now?
Cinnamon and pepper liqueur, apple juice and champagne. M tastes like Christmas.
Maybe there's a special dispensation for sarcasm or something.
After a wonderful weekend at 's ConCon (#htcc), tomorrow's conference should be interesting and lively.
Good Morning. You are welcome. I am praying and I know you will all do great. You are a great & strong group of men.
nuttn much, hangin wiff my boy n our doggies, watchn howard stern..hope all went well wit u n that guy u were talking to
Sorry about that. thought we fixed the problem.
well my dear...its over!!!! Finally...some normalcy
I always thought that was part of the story. Have I been reading it wrong to Miss M?
Mark Prior warming up for bottom of 12th.
Turning a blind eye to a major source of their revenue doesn't wash their hands clean.
uhh i dont think he does. sorry!
I wasn't planning on liking you a lot.
Thank you! I'd lost track of IMR for a minute (lurking), but y'all have been killing it!
Weekend away, then job starts Monday!! Yay!
ha, i thought you might say that - i'll hold out and wait for your review, thx!
Join us for the social intelligence session at 1:30pm at #SDLinnovate. See you there!
Were you in school?
I'm starving, I want some Spanish food
But..why am I watching how high..?
who maxes out on 2 types of squats 5 days before conference......
Getting ready to leave physical therapy, one more class, then I can go home and take a much needed nap! # success !
So tired all the time I don't get it<U+0001F4A4>
Lucky! Mine are eh... Haha and that is on the cool side. They are so embarrassing. I am like I don't know you in public. Lol (:
event propagation makes my head hurt
I think today is drive slow as hell day. I have 38 projects to do let's drive a little faster.
Original. RT : Rangers fans chant "Kovy suck" with 17:00 left in period.
Good Morning Everyone
Monkey grass transanted & weeds pulled from front bed. Time for a big glass of razzberry tea and bit of easter candy.
Did you find one that interested you??
First time in Vail last night. It's like the Disneyland of Nature!
i just want what I want...
Me off to Asia in 4 days for 2-3 months. Me work on prototype & secure #funding. Me gotta get me ducks in row.
I know we don't play! They can out there ready!
Thanks for the help! It worked! =)
Learning from your mistakes is smart, learning from the mistakes of others is wise
Fox News Running Ad that says they're ranked #1 in ratings for 10 straight years. Yet they call everyone else the "mainstream media" Huh?
add me on Yahoo Messenger <U+25BA><U+25BA> Charel_Blessed <U+25C4><U+25C4> no WEIRDOS please !!
the fact that you think that is ignorance is ignorant
From everyone we want to say hi to our new twitter, facebook and myspoace friends
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life. ~Beethoven
Jealous because they can't be in your position.
Tonight on 10 tips for last min. holiday shoppers and another round of winter is coming our way!
Other #lesmisindy perfs going as scheduled. I'm on Butler campus now, heading home, & there are a gazillion cars in the lot, so yay!
Get 'em next year /:
who's in the sexy six ? Haha; just wondering (:
stop sending me one word texts omg
Happy #ValentinesDay. We hope you spend the day with the ones you love.
Back at you! Have a great week!
Use what talent you possess:/ the woods would be very silent/ if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
why am i losing followers tho :-////
Not really good it's cold and it's raining :/ and by you?:)
Oriental Express is so good
Its raining and humid, and middle schoolers are still riding bikes
Jesus, and I thought "What A Wonderful World" couldnt get any more depressing.
#ShopDSE Today @ DSE..."The Renovation Sale: Extended"...Everything In-Store 50% Off...Open Till 4pm.
Today in 1960 Roy Orbison was at No.2. with "Only the Lonely" recorded it himself after being turned down by Elvis & Everley Brothers.
Happy Easter
PREWORKOUTS: Which products are your favorite or find most effective?
would love to, but somebody's gotta be on the news desk at 4am!
#NeverApologizeFor saying what you feel. That's like saying sorry for being REAL.
To all of my friends in Thailand:I am praying for u&wishing there r no more deaths or tragic circumstances for u2deal w/due to the flooding.
Oh no! Please leave feedback, happy to adjust if necessary and we'll check in with this driver. cc
Wow this weather < oh my fucken asdfghjkl I hate the wind>:P
Don't know man. You'll have to find out.
Putting all kinds of hairspray and goop on your hair because it is entirely too frizzy sometimes.
Faith does not make things easy it makes them possible #Luke1:37
anyone have an AT&T Microcell you want to part with? my service *sucks* in our new apartment..
We live in a messed up country on all sides. Most of the ppl refuse to accept the truth & reality. No where to go except down.
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting "Time Is Of The Essence" and singing along! That's what we love to see!
RT They can't pay off a campaign obligation at the WH, so their having dinner with the contest winners at Boundary Road in DC.
Ugh bathroom y u so far.
'Mary's Kitchen' by Old Crow Medicine Show
> : Why is abbreviation such a long word ?
As a Ph.C. Teaching Assistant, I make $880 every two weeks, w/ $100 taken out by federal taxes. Is that about the same for most TAs?
Not everything is a
i swear im tired.
RT : Props to and table number 9 (incl. !) - winners of #QUIZrael at
wow well i just texted u it -anna
This! RT - #badgers Sounds as if Big Ten hockey will be going to neutral sites for its tournament.
Board members including look forward to Regional Professional Leadership Mtg. today. Let's collaborate
Henry David Thoreau The secret of achievement is to hold a picture of a successful outcome in the mind.
OMG! I have had this conversation at least 500 times!!! Thanks for asking the hard questions!
Q10: we like to cook our veggies on our George Foreman grill
Tell them that. I can't do it anymore. Or lordy, don't we all.
I feel like this bishop drew the short straw.
not gonna lie...you got me lol #followme? Love you!
way outside.
Anytime someone tell you Wins mean more than stats then ask them if they think Phil Simms was better than Dan Marino?
Oops.used #MichelleObama instead of in my last tweet.Wouldn't it be great if these 2 hashtags trend together:)
Football should be part of our national defense budget.
Went to bed with 512 followers. Woke up two nights later with 581.... CRAZZZYY!!! :D
LIKE HIP HOP OR WHAT ???
I strongly dislike those "beliebers" that are like "OMG, I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH JUSTIN BIEBER SINCE 2007." & I'm there looking at them (c)
Only 2% of venture-backed cos. are founded by MBAs? Yikes.
Alright, I'll chill out then. I can't believe I'm just seeing that.
RT : Planting A St. Joseph Statue for Real Estate LuckThe Gardenist - I hate to tell you, it was baby Jesus' head!
nah you are.
It's "The Adventure" from Angels & Airwaves.
I wish would enroll at NIU... Imy
Just want y'all to know that is the man. Doing some serious community building on a Friday night.
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork.. play boring ass country music on ur computer!
are you a cat now?
please I know there stupid but really
They Boo' President's and Vice President's Women, Now Female Pres. Hopefull (Not my Vote Tho') What's going on, WHere's the respect!!
Thanks for the follow. My content is mostly health, nutrition & sports medicine based. Hope U like it. Best, Dr. Narson
Is still unfollowing and following people for me.. smh
bd: It will only take a few minutes to download, can't we wait? 8yo: No, because in my years it seems like it takes a long time.
2272 noon today or thursday
ima d-boy doin what i do best, on my own hype mgame fuk the rest...
To all the people who told me about Charleston, I agree. . .historic, romantic and quaint perfectly describe it.
RT : my son just made the most decadent, gooey toffee brownies thanks to can we start the resolutions tomorrow?
Suggested rule: if you receive Medicaid, you must contribute to the program 50% of what you spend on cigarettes or soda.
i do, thats why i said it. i mean what i say when i say it
Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner is from a place nicknamed &#39;Bumtown&#39; almost a century ago
Lazy Sundays are great, but that just means tomorrow is Monday...
Celebrating college success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Boston College, Northwestern, Emory Univ...
pleasure meeting you last night w Jan. cheers
RT : A1: A willingness to get your hands (and knees) dirty even with an office job.
Smile! It will help puts your nerves at ease and help you be inviting to others. Networking tip from ,
one more out, come on Feldman
Maybe I should just work at Sonic. I live literally five seconds from it. I could walk there. I can see it from right here in my bedroom.
"Feeling unappreciated?" That's terrible wording :/ I would immediately unsubscribe from that mailing list.
lmao true. N he been out most of the time he says he been out sick but I think he been out seeing yur ass (((; lmao
planning a hunt for jan 21st overnight by silverstar mtn any tips?
hope you are well- wondering if you could follow back my biz account- -tnx-eb
Yes, we created fertile ground where disgruntled "dissidents" would rise up to defend civil liberties, justice.
well, at least I did when I used to write things :)
I think a girl looks best when she's self confident, and smiles plenty. Makes her different from the rest of them out there.
Congrats Kirk Cousins best 3 years of being a Spartan fan
lool I know I love them! I'm just making a point that they have a tendency to make over dramatic songs
Heading to the Cape so I can be Boston bound. Does that make sense?
People on coke have a lot in common with people that I don't like.
JUSTICE FOR "O Head YOU STILL ON "IM On" FREESTYLE (OFFICIAL VIDEO)" on YouTube...
Thanks for following me :) How are you girl??
Can I just say that it is way too freakin' warm outside for March 15?!
Looking at shrek with the kid.
I was in high school and living in far southern MN when I discovered this shit. Now I'm 26. What happened to MNSpeak?
thank you <U+0001F60A>
Your momma don't dance and your daddy don't rocknroll.
I just want people to mind their own damn business and let me do what ima do .
In green pastures You let me graze; to safe waters You lead me; - (Psalm 23:2)
Accidentally referred to one of my coworkers as, "that kinky ass chick who gets it- gets it..yeah yeah" Needless to say that didnt fly. FMP
Join me today at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 1-5 and get my new audiobook "Dollar and a Dream: Succeed or Die Trying."
(The acting and final quality of the film itself can be very negatively impacted by incomplete dialect work.)
Desire a #nude special getaway $100 per night visit us
OK. Never mind. RT : Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today! I missed #6 though. :-)
#naptownbuzz #Zombie #Walk in #Shelbyville 10/29 Saturday Porter Center to #Strand Theatre 'Dawn of the Dead'
oh and also, by art drawing do you mean a drawing show or gathering of art pieces?
it is! and imma try to remeber it but was it on k104? I don't think so
it's probably really offensive to all the REAL Native American sorceresses who just came to enjoy the show
#sdmayornp city channel 24 for nonprofits
Get better Evan!! <3
Gonna be a great day:)
don't worry, intervention coming! Try to hang on...
Thoroughly enjoyed Hunger Games movie.Gale was pretty much absent, but Katniss and Peeta were great.
Anne had chicken pho and I had beef,beef tendon and tripe pho. It was god!! I like sukiyaki too. Great soup dishes.
I havent to been Louisville in forever that is deff on my schedule this summer
Pissed and bored
OMG! I hope you didn't miss Jersey Shore?!
thanks! So glad that's over with...
Love your quotes and thx for the #FF love :)
Pressure is the joy of the diligent and no sweat to an achiever.
Been working all day. Need a shower and some food!
you did AMAZING On so ramdom!
that's why she's the extra...never the main attraction.
I find Ars Technica to have really good coverage. They can be a bit all over at times but the in depth stories are great.
We love nightlife because people become people who they really want to be.
it did, considerably
The true meaning in love is lost in our generation I dont give a flying fuck what anybody says
Wonder if can booleg this movie with my mytouch 4g lol just joking
I'd like to meet someone at a party whose laughing baby video has gotten 600 billion youtube views, and makes their living from it.
believe in your craft .. it will take you further than the ones u started with
Big game tonight for the #Badgers. #OnWisconsin !!
see you at the Interiors From Spain booth at #hdboutique.Also check our magazine: www.fromspainmagazine.com
The days I can sleep in I can't and when I can't sleep in I wish I can
Yep. :) Random Veggie Tales tweeting! lol
Cariboo is the favorite game in our clinic also - the kids love it and it can easily be modified to target any skill! ;)
Stuck at 511 followers... I wonder if we can get it to 600. Can you do this for me ? *puppy face*
Target will stop selling Amazon Kindle devices - Christian Science Monitor
An exchange worth following.
30 minutes till I get hype to westside with love II via my iPhone
no more working out by myself! ;-) lol
Great picture! What'd you do in the sun yesterday?
Meerkats over Bats
Behind a bumper sticker this morning. "Thanks Steve, RIP"
We love it and hope you win :)
Missed you, too! On my way to L.A. now. Just landed in Honolulu to unpack/re-pack. Take care!
your welcome. Really exciting original sound. Cannot describe how amazing Romeo and Juliet sounds from a listeners perspective.
woww! hey wendy hope all is well. havent talked to you since we had you on our morn show at power 92 chicago
Republicans aren't going to applaud the idea of more American jobs? Honest to God? Wow.
Still has pink eye. It won't go away!!!<U+E40E>
Looking forward to SANS 2012 in Orlando next week. Facilitating SEC504 for Very long days but always an amazing experience.
Thanks for your kind words, Brandon. Let's make it happen!
Obvi, we're the ladies...
boy, the things i wish i could tell you;;</3
Did you know that there's an #ImprovementZone Twitter account dedicated to health & fitness? Check out :-D
Please support #smallbiz, #startups & #entrepreneurship in the U.S. by passing the
Its nice out. Feel like I should be doing something productive... Like drinking.
To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul
Thank you both for the lovely chat!
The end of "Mercy, Mercy Me," always trips me up.
how do you do these tricks with out fall of your skateboad
Bulletproof it first lol
Phenomenal stomp practice today
I just hope nobody beats me to it, heh
Everyone has Their own Flaws "
yes be ashamed
#BeforeYouExit so excited for the music. sounds great! <U+2665>
If any of my inspirations were to follow me and show they support me it would mean so much
eventhough i dont miss one of 's ustreams, i still watch them over and over on youtube! #itsamahomiething. -Sophie
Just finished new fondu tradish. Forty lbs of cheese, chickn, brus sprouts, leinenkugle stuck in belly. Hallucinations right around corner
LAURYN HILL- TELL HIM.
I don't know how anyone cannot be an Albertnator. lets be real. makes inspiring tweets, sweet, and caring <3 i love Sam <3
Have you been running?? I really like yo figure ! Haha
tired and hurting:p
First real snowfall of winter starting in Washington DC
It is pretty weird.... I think she is writing songs for you...
Buy an Unlimited Ride Wristband and receive 10 Tokens FREE!
I WISH I COULD ACTUALLY TAN
The wooly bear is the worlds oldest caterpillar. Going for egg to moth over a 14 year span! Poor wooly bear! They live in the artic
I wish Netflix would hurry up and get it.
lets have some fun...try changing 2 things in your hair/ makeup routine this week. Maybe a new lip, curling ur hair, or thicker eyeliner!!
I wish I knew...
Sandra Powell of RI: We have to do this with a "No Finger Pointing Approach." It's about being effective.
ok well i can't direct msg u cause ur not followin me so u have to send me one:D
Thx for sharing, Lyn! We're very excited about potentially rolling out mushroom packaging for our customers in the future.
Cast off, two three-inch pins out, hand still wrapped up, still kind of hurts. Healing slow sucks.
Okay we progress to 4 hours of awards for sound and lighting. z...Bed time.
Im no beauty queen,im just beautiful me :)
it sucks. a lot.
smackdown was pretty good tonight....
team with his talent. Bottom line is, both have helped their organizations, (current of former) succeed. Get off Lebron's~
We are proud to be welcoming back to the Riviera our friends from the APA. Welcome home !!
Hi Ingrid! I miss you and Frad (haha)! Hope you are enjoying the holiday season :)
RT : How many Facebook alternatives can we join before our mums notice we regret friending them?
Vacation officially over. Time to go home and burn off the holiday flab. Who's with me?
In my efforts to have a stess-free holiday, I've opted out of a DIY Christmas. I feel like a jerk, but on the other hand: I'm almost done!!!
why do you think they changed the name from Department of War to the Deptment of Defense?
Hammonds Candies has a display in Whole Foods. Sweet.
Thanks - got it. Unfortunately, I don't have an iPhone (yet) so I needed the complicated RSS feed
Final #ff to
great job on ur last fight and you do have the fastest ko!!!
Ugh...one of these days I'll do that do not call number for my cellphone.
happy birthday honey boo boo!!!!
boom. the infection has been completed. <U+201C>: The Burn has been stuck in my head all day at work<U+201D>
come take me to see titanic! You are due for a visit anyway : )
<U+201C>: Great. Wisconsin even won Miss America. #NotOurYearMinnesota<U+201D> so true!
i see you finally listened to me and got a twitter :)
yawn .... good night all.
"We have these old weird ones with hot women on the covers". And they're like "is the viking song one here?"...
Diamonds are forever , she my bitch forever!
Got some special stuff for tonight. Make sure to come in & see what goodies I found because I had to try a different market today!
Adams: The whole disability system is kind of based on 1950s America. It's morphed gradually over the years, but doesn't (cont)
is having its first general planning meeting tonight at Coffee Cave 45 Halsey Street 7pm ALL ARE WELCOME!!\
I can't fully articulate how much I hate my Chromebook. Everytime I try to like it it shits in my face. Wish I bought a MacBook Air.
You give what you give, what you dont give is lost forever, this day will never come again
Basic video needs: Hi-resolution camera, tripod, learning how to shoot/frame, lighting kit, clip-on mics, and editing software.
Yes the weather around the southeast surely made plans changed for everyone! Hope you had a great trip back!
it's a grace digital radio. The preset stopped working this week. I searched wcve and HD1/HD2 are listed but won't connect.
thank you! all designed in-house by ux superwoman
nah, friends don't take friends to , only lovers do.
SELF-SUFFICIENT.
In the story of Mormonism, speech Romney just gave at Liberty was a historic moment. The highest-profile attempt yet to bridge rival faiths
yeah im late to it. Lol. Its tight tho.
aww that's sucks ask if he'll give you the point?
my life has changed so much
<U+261B> Thanks for all the new follows, RTs, mentions and conversations this past week. Have a great weekend & hopefully see you #ROC at LilacFest
Shoutout to everyone should follow her.(:
I always had crazy insomnia as a kid. Disappeared after college mostly. Seems to be back 4 years later. Weird.
LG city council votes 3-2 to give city employees a stipend, based on years each has worked in LG, Mary England and Howard Cook dissenting
I sure as hell wud wanna know. If they do it once they will probably do it again. What's ur take?
we are closed on Sundays, sorry! M-F 9 to 9 and Sat. 9 to 5.
Spelling out cuss words somehow doesn't have the same effect
My Best writings came out of a Broken Heart...I appreciate where I came from & i most definitely know where in headed. AMEN.
hello to you too! :D
This planet has a lot of beautiful people on it. But my Great Granny alwasys said "Pretty is Pretty does." so its what is on the
Jeff Bi: Sustainable Forest Management as a value add to all stakeholders in consumer packaged goods. My $.02, Go FSC, ditch SFI.
come to dc and hang with me we can go skateboarding
An impotant point I just thought of: "Chase your passion, but never stop enjoying your personal hobbies" We are everything that we do.
This looks GREAT! I'm hungry.
Haha talk about awkward!!
Listening to K'Naan- In The Beginning. Immediately reminds me of you
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
Day off to a great start strong black #coffee and watching - Good morning fellow #uppers !
Hey! The scores/ standings are up from Saturday. www.gokickball.com/columbus
And I will not be participating in tomorrow's National Straw Hat Day celebrations. Sorry, no.
oh, you must be talking about that whole "life" thing. Best of luck!
The boys being emotional in the video just proves that are just 5 normal people like all of us.
A particular shot or way of moving the ball can be a player's personal signature, but efficiency of performance is what wins the game.
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: The Grey, Chronicle, and Albert Nobbs After a couple of pretty thin weeks on home video, we've got a good number of
Had so much fun- cant wait to do something similar soon!!!
what's up!
so when is your doctors appointment on june 1st? like early in the morning? i wanna go to the LIK show so bad lol
My coworker just told me we can sleep together as long as we don't have a baby. I'm glad to know he has boundaries.
#RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, who died from Cancer this morning, aged just 47. His career spanned more than 3 decades.
LAST DAY OF NOVEMBER SPECIAL! $5 Soup and Sandwich Special! Get any sandwich and any cup of soup for $5! (Dine-in or Take-out only.)
Wondering how my douchebag cousin gets anywhere w/ girls
I need to get a Dr. to look at my sore instep before I can run again. Any Chicago recommendations? thanks
Dumb phone trippin'
My g-chat statuses this week are in tamil. And, that language is totally whack, just sayin'
tell my brother to close his mouth he looks like a goof in that pick
I think the crowds aren't that similar more an issue that ICCM is back in the US this year
I will say I hope focusing on streaming means they'll update the nonexistent instant queue management.
If you are going to Milwaukee Film Fest tonight I'll be at the Oriental. Not sure what films I'll be at for sure but if you see me say hi!
I can't buy underwear, balls are to big.
See you there... Thanks! RT break a leg on Glass Circle,ifim not filming Bush vs the people ill be there
"Hey & I vote for #goldengroomeraward"<U+201D>
As soon as my fb changes to timeline I'm deactivating it <U+0001F612>
All this way and NO San Antonio show!! ;-( Got to Antone's in Austin
It's a beautiful day out!
Tell about a collection you have now.
Coffee time!
thanks man. hope you are enjoying Synergy - nice cartrail shots from earlier
self esteem
i know the feeling i had to take 18 moths off for grad school. Just getting back at it. Finished a tough chapter just now
Join Amy R.'s 12:00 Power Flow class on Saturday & SAVE YOUR DRAMA FOR YOUR MAMA. "Dear Mama", "The Kids are Alright" "Teach Your Children"
Nevermind no choir
Oh my goodness! My cheeks still hurt from a hilarious time at lunch with &
Tummy, sorry for the butterflies. Pillow, sorry for the tears & most importantly, Heart, sorry for the break.
RT if you are in my fan video
Better yet, just hand me the bottle.
hopefully we get to see #RobinWilliamsOnFringe in Season 5!
ridiculous.when I check @ gate 2hr prior flight,you need to tell me right then if gate is changed not after flight is gone.
Martinis go with hockey right?!
You're officially a source of mine!
I was going to guess that. with chicken? haha oh and don't forget dessert cookie monster!
<U+201C>: Can't wait to get off work gone grill me some brats tonight n drink beer yes sir<U+201D> Forcing it bro...
"When you teach your son, you teach your son's son." - The Talmud
is matching its members donations to several different organizations for
Would u be interested in joining our guidance board? We r Looking for cons. & fam to give us guidance to provide exc. serv.
Watching Being Human with Viggle Mon | 9PM | Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Damn ima beast killed it on the b ball court then killed it in the gym yea boieeee
And by 'rematch' I meant 'replay'
Bunches of new Followers! Thank U! I followed ya back. So what's 4 breakfast! Haven't eat in about 2 hrs. Had a snack 5 mins ago. Hungry.
": At the end of the day either you join the revolution or you remain a part of the decaying old guard." #OWS is ageless, join!
Gooodmorning world :) hope everyone has a great day'
You're so welcome, it'll stay w/me for a long time. V important for people to know. Sending good thoughts that you're done!
Some qbs quiver when they look across the line at him. "Don't he know we're on the same team?" Leonard Shapiro Washington Post Aug, 1978
Pandora is on point..
What the eff :/
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on a rope.
that's called Hardcore Sitting and Google Aaron Fotheringham --they reinvent the rap:-)
#3 is the hands down winner!
Shut my door you stupid whore!- my mom hahahahaha
well you all have a very good night .. see you tomorrow.....
Can't be open on Saturday. Hurts.
I love that song, me and my sister went to see when she came to jersey and it was awesome. :)
I know this Universe will never be perfect...but sometimes it feels perfect.
yeah we should!! Sweet dreams babe (; talk to you soon
SPJ Awards Banquet tickets almost sold out. For real. Get them while you still can. www.spjsandiego.org.
Smh had to put my blunt out
With and delicious ravioli.
Hey ladies im on :)
I feel like a good view is a great distraction from people digging around in your grill.
saw that coming, he was due
Yes its good and nothing. Dylan&Tiff<3
I brought Small World Underground to HASTAC. wussed out.
"Technology is only a small part of the solution - it involves people, understanding and time" - at #TechCamp Ramallah
Yeah, kinda like fish that are brought up from the deep sea and burst on the surface?
I have an order to get out #forgot I may b a lil late.
you know it ;) and still rockin' my #findlauren bracelet of course <3
you can only use it with people who have iPhones (their number) or people with iMessage on their iPods email ;)
are you trying to kill the guy?
So I'm kind drunk and at a fork in the road. Decision time. Blurp!
When Bryce Harper was born, Davey Johnson already had 595 wins as a manager.
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS... 2 ALL THOSE WHO I FOLLOW. FOLLOW ME BCK!!!!
why don't you have kik anymore -_-
What kind of 1x15 bass cab should Conrad get this week? We want that low bump-a-lump sound
Whoa. Its like almost offical. Four days and it will be. And he would for me xD He's spending 45 bucks plus food to spend a ...
I had my account hacked and now The restored it after I started a new one. What the----!
Congrats! Can i have a shoutout? :)
now THAT is silver lining sir.
*Oops, be careful! You don't want to waste a good thing! ;)
I seriously cannot wait for the day when the first single from the new album premieres on the radio. I will go cray cray!
haha its true shit tho . & thats good - ive been doing some going out . Im at a KB tonight tho ..maybe & Nope . lol
#SometimesYouHaveTo be a bitch get things done.
YES. I would love to never hear that word again. RT The fold is a myth and needs to die<U+2122>
PLEASE DON"T LET THEM BACK!
Can't wait!! So excited!! : Can't help but notice the countdown to #KATHY in corner of screen! Thurs 10PM"
How is it 1:30 and I'm nowhere near tired even after a kickass weekend? I'm a machine... Is tomorrow Monday?
RT : Anyone using #designthinking in a museum? Interested in helping w/ wkshp ? Have exp w/gift-giving ex?
Think I want some chicken
At Wrigley Field for #cubs v
Sex isa sensation caused by temptation when a guy stix his location in a girl's destination to increase the population of the nxt generation
Glad you're liking it. I find I get into this flow where I keep refining my search terms to try and get to a particular tone.
it means youre welcome:) and no worries^_^
Or: not being open to/appreciative of all comments on your looks is a sign that you have the wrong politics, apparently
JOIN Holli and Michael of Playboy Radio "SWING" during Tropic MiamiBeat Saturday night parties. www.siriusxm.com/playboyradio
Congrats on your craftiness! Did you paint it or do something else?
can I get a retweet from the BEST announcer in all sports?
Ugh What's with these Yanks????
Your driving me crazy, but sorry your not going to ruin my night<3
I wish I had even a fraction of the talent that you have. Don't get me wrong, I think I have some talent. But you're incomparable
I have some folks that are living in dallas area..also some followers in NOLA
I did now you text me back punk!:p
what school you going to next year ?(:
we were supposed to have Jodie Foster, she backed out at last minute & we got artist famous for vagina ashtray in '70s.
"cat trap"?
It's going to be good tomorrow Dont miss out!! 10:30a if ur in Las Vegas!!
hey do u have a twitcam cuz if u do i need help making one
Corrupted and theft!
And what does that make Arsenal? Wannabe cunts?
#YouGettinPunchedIf you even look at my bby.
After I pick them up from the guy in Titusville. :)
I'm starting to get pissed at the guy behind my house shooting a gun. WTF
I have no appetite, this blows...
happy birthday...its mine too :)
Mark Sanchez's dogs name is Judas
": Sleep sleep sleep. I need more sleep."
Did you know 12 oz of beer = 1.5 oz of 80 proof liquor?
RIP Amy Winehouse
Thanks for following! I Love the Name of Your TOUR!
You looked way too disappointed over 13<U+2033>. You did well! Buck up, take care of your foot, and see ya tomorrow!
it's barely 7am and I already had one kid hit the other with a whiffle ball bat...
Nod, agree, agree, agree with the new parent! (happy new year)
I went for a long walk w husband and dog so yes
Taking a late shower.
I love you Harry<U+2665> you are beatiful<U+2665>
First stop: where I will either cut or not cut my hair short...
You too!!! RT : Following! Have a great night everyone!
I guess!!! Maybe in time it'll go away. =\
It's hilarious watching the (few) non-homophobe Republicans try to avoid agreeing with Obama. Yes, CHENEY is the true visionary, of course!
a jury found my friend Hex was arrested for no good reason! apology from . should be forthcoming
#HouseofRepresentatives votes down #Obama budget plan, 414 to 0.
Thanks for the #FF love!
fat, a person has to burn
HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope u have a AMAZING day!!!!
well then I guess I'm goona die. Because I'm not goona stop. Don't rain on my parade! Let's go rangers!
Fill up before the big play off game. We're here til 7 and we've got a pulled pork with your name on it!
hey bro whats been up with u ??
Oh yes ;) this is the truth
that video is fucking hilarious bro! Thanks for sharing it.
Mr. August!!! How the hell are you?!
you mean LOVE
<U+201C>: I want to be the girl who makes the player quit his game.<U+201D>
yeh i feel you thats the way to be no drama no naggers and no cheaters :)
Thanks, Valerie! And thank you for putting things in perspective. You're right, there will always be more Elvis mugs...
Us too sir!! RT: : Getting fully excited about geeking out with my brothers and sisters at
You've done it again Mr. Mayer.
I don't really care for Kansas or Kentucky. So there.
Resources from coast to coast. offering #smallbiz tips to #Pgh on #SmallBizPgh. Tomorrow at 7 PM EDT.
I wanna go on a road trip
Driving down the 101 through the Northern CA farm land with and listening to new John Mayer songs.
#evillebouncecamp concludes with bbq and beer or milk depending on age and preference
No I'm not making fun of you. I'm insulting you directly.
oh hey buddy!
She's doing very well, aside from the constipation problems LOL. She's at her sister's til next Wed. - house to ourselves 8'D
at least, you better. (;
I am really torn about my team for #Star what a hard decision!!!!
Just ordered Adobe Production Suite! Can't wait to play with After Effects and Premiere :)
2 tourneys this past weekend. Took 4th out of 26 and 2nd out of 12 teams. Both days well below freezing. Not a bad #winterdisc weekend.
THAT is awesome! <U+201C> : So John Mayer apparently LOVES the #Bachelor! came up to and knew who she was<U+201D>
Ran in my new Frees for the 1st time today. Completely different feeling. Good but feet are burning.
After a lot of running around, planning and grunt work I have official declared education studies and history as my minors.
RT follow back lovely // Following back.
OH: "This is the best tour I've ever been on!" at Hide/Seek Curator Tour
HI AGAIN
boats 'n hoes, boats 'n hoes.
school is hella empty for it to be 7:30
"Get off my property!" "Nan, it's just monopoly!"
Neither does Chris Webber and he's a great analyst.
Blue Venom my new FAV
<U+201C> Jus gotta order my shoes den I'm done<U+201D>
how did your Angels do??? Its funny you only tweet when they win
Went down two followers! This is crap! How can I solve this dilema!?
every walk into your kids room and get an instant headache and then walk out because it's not your problem! Not today my little sunshine.
It's hard to trust someone when everyone you ever opened up your heart to has let you down and pushed you away...
fuck blunts there a waste of money papers only
until you walk past a dog and your bikini becomes his dinner
sounds like it. What a game to see live! I was just glad it was not Hummel's knee when I saw 'carted off the court'...
That sounds like a really interesting book!
Lmbo! Its 1:11 cause I said it was.
Marguerite Duras~ In love there are no vacations No such thing. Love has to be lived fully with its boredom and all that.
shockingly little progress on the eportfolio #libraryschool i get why it has to be due before graduation but got a lot on my plate now
haha hell yeah I used to be in a band wit feen in high school..im actually in carnegie but I go to Ai
hey andrew can you please follow me it would make my day <3!
"Justin Bieber has no talent" No talent? Ok. Go sell out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes & tell me how that works out.
Career/ed blogger here. Looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with CEUs (preferably online).
just whipped Keith Stone's ass.
You know you did a great job on yardwork if your mom looks at it and assumes you were drunk.. I should probably redo.
where are you moving to?? (: i hope its closer to where i live (;
at such a point when I get a legit gf, she is going to be wrapped in on the regular.
and are apparently "concerned" that I won't follow through with my #twitterbinge. Wow. #friends 6/24
Voting from Sweden and wishing the best of luck! I know you got this!! Amazing performance.
Wisconsin for the 3peat!
#FF Green blogs we like.
also gwen can we die WTK is playing a free show at Macy's in manhattan tomorrow sigh
RT : miss you too hun! TX needs more girls!
Don't say that! This has literally worked for me, say it will be a good day and it will! Say it won't and you know the rest
Excited to hear this panel-- The Future of Lifestyle Media with
me niether i jus wanted u to prove to u that im differant than the niggas u go wit
also be willing to walk away if it doesn't work out. And don't discuss financing or trade-ins until after agreement on price.
true story. well, we know how to spell them anyways.
Now that would be great! Interesting major as well. Really outside the box.
nice im spanish to i asked because my aunts name is carolina lol and you a Mahomie:D
Thank you for following us on Twitter. We are following you as well. =)
i got a big day today. 200m finalist for City Championship
Woke up late for work. Got pulled over on the way to work. Friday can't get here fast enough
This show will always be remembered as the tornado show !
HOUSE OF COATES, Brad Zellar. Intimate, solemn, heroic, gritty spotlight on normally unnoticed landscapes, interiors, & people.
what is it called
To my Beloved Friends: I sincerely apologize for the next several years of shameless self-promotion. Please still love me :)
and why is that?
I called them on it and told them abt Em's live tweets. Still called it just knocking.
Creating Grandpa's photo slideshow. So many memories!
You might as well just get some cats and call it quits!
Stop geeking over skype like you never had it. Ugh we been there done that.
Studio all day ery day...
Hey who would win in 1 on 1, Bernie Focker or Ray Babbitt?
Success comes in cans, not cant's. ~Author Unknown
You can either live a life of discipline or live a life of regret.
I love my cousin katelyn . she has this care-free, fuck you, i am who i am, attitude i wish i had .
thanks. Little punk loves to be with me. Kids love me for some reason
Thankful to have good friends and a good boyfriend :)
had to make moves b, and idk about the jar b not right now at least
Great play by Cush!
Mom said she would get me two dogs when I graduate Law school. 26 years too late.
Don't complain about something if you're not doing anything to change it
#dsoc Now - anne caputo on improving our public image. We have the info keys, why aren't we info royalty? We are but we don't say it clearly
Thanks for the follow, Lance *i just hope I never have to pronounce your last name in person*
liar and protected by a gang of liars.
The River got pretty good toward the end RT ABC has canceled Pan Am, GCB, Missing and The River. Details to come...
If ur home isn't fun while ur kids are growing up, don't be surprised if they don't come back often when they're grown. Love your kids now!
tv needs a pay for stream solution, with ads for 1 dollar to stream.
We just moved "She only wanted flowers" into heavy rotation on for next week
#MUTHAFUKKA Prob a dumb quest...what's is YankeeYards?
just online
you're welcome and enjoy.
French is so obnoxious.
this is why I'm back in Cali and not in Vegas :-)
That Fla sunshine got me anticipating this early flight>>>
I think blocked me. He's the best cock blocker there is.
#ihavenever truly loved someone before. Until now. (and the last 6 1/2 years)
Im so over drawsome
Working in citizen teams, we embarked to preserve El Paso's rich heritage and rectify plagued development and transit issues.
lol I found out when I saw Rodney
Carson Daly? A relic of a joke and a relic of a career. Bye!
we are trying objective-c programming problems : "i think i just wrote the fibonacci sequence!"
That flower joke that starts "the five year engagement" is so blah..
You see Bruce posted the video?
put your hearts LOL
TY so much for the RT. I was serious that I had 2 make several attempts on that blog. Hope it makes sense!
It was great seeing you at the and show last night! Hope you had a great time.
Took me a while to figure out what bloomers are. *lol*
Your site kicks my ass! :D What a pleasure to visit a horror author's site & find something creepy & fun!
Dipset needs to come back
my head hurts.
Rugrats!(: #hell yes
You don't know my struggle
feeling all roofus doofus right now...might find me some trouble to get into this weekend...come on weekend with your funky self!
ARSENAL BEATS BARCELONA!!!
I just uninstalled Path from my iPhone. Not sure I'll ever reinstall it with the current feature set.
If we're doing countries, Tony Parker, Nic Batum, Kevin Seraphin. Not too shabby, Frenchies.
It's quite possible that the progressiveness of our generation can be attributed to The Golden Girls. Love them gals
in the studio with the fam as he works on a exclusive track dedicated to his mother.. "Everyday"
Please don't go blonde! I'd kill for porcelain skin and dark brown hair. Gorge. :)
Already have been to one doctor today now on to the next one..Lovely!
Great movie!!!
Are you serious?
british military camo... planets you've never heard of...
fita she's something else! #WARNING HA!
The nats are introducing Steven Strausburg today, and con grats to Mike Rizzo for as the new GM, job well done!!
<U+201C>That awkward moment when your kindess is mistaken with flirting.<U+201D>
thank you<U+0001F49A><U+0001F49A> it's on Facebook now too(;
Guess who's back ?:)
#GOP budget costs 4 mill. jobs over next 2 yrs, ends Medicare guarantee & gives tax breaks to only wealthiest Americans. Enough said.
I did not pay 40 dollars for this weave to get wet! (-___-)
Morgan Robertson wrote a book 14 years prior to the Titanic about a fictional boat, The Titan, hitting an iceberg on an April night.
Yea i just did #Crazy did u?
Kobe pulled a Houdini today
#LNYHBT got my ticket to ride the express is great even though we are all disrupting his sleeping habits.
Due to the overwhelming response from Cagestars Amateur Elite Series 1 we've moved the date to January 29th, 2011.
Cinderella wishes she could go to the ball, Snow White wishes for her prince charming & Ariel wishes to be human. I wish I could meet 1D
Very sad to say, No. I will miss seeing everyone a ton!! Maybe next year? How are you doing??
I want to go to there. Curse you final week of school. RT Who's headed to Meadhall tonight?
It<U+2019>s my last day in Green Bay. I<U+2019>m sad it has to come to an end, but it<U+2019>s been a splendid time! Stay tuned for photos of my adventures.
Watching in the Horizon League Tourney. Had two people ask me if I was her brother.
I'm a slut, not a tease.
after all that you posted, I'm sad! I really was looking forward to Tron. It disappoints me that the new movie is that bad!
So excited to be able to give out another scholarship this year! We'll announce this year's winner next week.
n I love the hotel that ESPN Sports Science n put us up at!
why so?
I just don't think he'd come back to play if he didn't think he could actually produce.
#MOVEMENT121 is a 90+10 company: 10% of your purchase and 90% of our profits go directly to those that are trapped in unfathomable
Thank you for sharing! Let us know if you have any questions for feedback for us! :) Happy Monday!
Doctors today for Strep throat. Ugh!
How about that Charlie Sheen - any 'Two and a Half Men' fans bummed???
let's hope so
nvm saw name
RT : he looks cold, you better get him a UK sweatshirt <- He already has a National Champs t-shirt! :)
ehem...i had sent you a song...and you better like it ...LOL
you just got caught !! U can't speak on rap at all (Stephen a smith voice)
yes. in Buddhism we say the environment is your mirror. and we can change. so we can change our environment!
Can't wait for #USC #Rossier Commencement! When you tweet about it, please use
Time to get the game faces on !
My love for you has no (38th) parallel.
And drake ... I cried and screamed when he came on, HE IS SO SEXY. does anyone agree?
Sometimes the replies are pretty funny <U+2014> especially when the sender doesn't realize that their message is going to multiple people.
The most EFFECTIVE+EFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 70-90 minutes & then take a REJUVENATION break. Rinse & repeat.
You ready for May 20th??
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm so jealous. Australia really seems to be awesome
guys, I think it's time to change your password.
How did I get your tweet. I don't follow you.
thanks for the follow..i hope im not in trouble!
The world can't hold me, too much ambition.
At Walmart looking like a hot mess.
VIP section babe
and I say GOOD DAY!
Time to say my prayers & go to sleep!
If lakers lose today, celtics for sure will accuse them off identity theft
and what am I chop liver?
It was standing room only at the #BurberryWestphal event tonight! Angela Ahrendts was amazing! So inspiring. Go buy trench!
Go ahead and give it to me then lol RT": I Would Feel Sleepy As Soon As I Put Food In The Oven"
can now repair cracks and chips in vinyl window frames using a vinyl weld -- Permanent and right!
I believe itz femalez dat like makin dey self look bad or dumb!
What is Google Up To in Israel ?
Yes! RT : Seeing YOU ARE IN AN OPEN FIELD tonight at HERE Arts Center. Excited. That company delivers everytime.
Pandora! When im bored of listening to my music I go to you....
oh ya I doo. Is She gonna take pictures with us?
The Pittsburgh accent shall be the death of me. Please interpret the following: Dayntayn, Maysure, Hass
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin always look like he wants to fight someone or was just in a fight?
Good Morning! It rained last night! :) Today is a cold and wet day. Great day to stay warm, watch football, and wrap Christmas presents! :)
its hard!!!
I want to go to Disneyland for Christmas <3
you hear "swag" "belieb" "supras" "purple" or "canada and automatically "justin" pops in your head :)
I'm about to go home and shower then I'll hit you all up. Same thing, same place.
Today's a lazy day! #iaintdoingnothing <U+0001F60F>
managing risk might be hard, but I don't believe that kind of API exists. There's stuff close. DM ur email if u want to discuss.
RT - This time tomorrow, the Hooligans will unite & welcome home our very own JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS! Are you ready fo...
Sorry about what?
working late *as usual.* tonite's work menu: we've got interface design, PR tasks for clients + other marketing deliverables underway....
thanks for the love. glad you like 'em.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
#themuppets soundtrack is amazing! oh childhood!
I wish I was you:* yur my bestfriend
I'll be there in the back of your mind from the day we met to you making me cry
Wisdom begins in wonder. -Socrates"
ha! I'd get in trouble if I made it Mothers Day Weekend. I only get tomorrow. ;)
Do people still say 'sick'? As in, 'wow, that is very exemplary'? Because I'm pretty sure it never actually caught on in the first place.
GOOD MORROW Lady Kiley.. Hope thy Slumber Twas a great one ...
jealousy isnt cute
"this isn't how we taste" - swedish fish
Miley Cyrus is trending !!!!!!
thanks! It's a little dollhouse fixer upper :)
Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out. -Sir Girad
Bernadett Borja is running a special on individual lash extensions ONLY $30!!! Come see us!
when you're sister askes the guy you like "do you like like her?" and he says "i like like like like her" d'aw
The fatdog is so fat all he can do is roll
<U+201C>: Please tell Seth Myers to get lost.<U+201D> Dude is a douchebag
Nap o'clock
UGH. why does my fucking brother get everything he wants & never gets in trouble but i always do? i'm so pissed off right now.
On the initial screen for NBA Jam TE for Genesis hold start and press A on H, let go start for V, hold start and hit B for Y.
Exciting news ahead for San Diego County's art scene...
The awkward moment when you make a joint call and forget to decide who's going to ask for the customer...so no one says anything...
head up , stay strong . fake a smile , move on <U+2665>
Did you know there's a word for "fear of veggies?" It is Lachanophobia. Avoid this unhealthy phobia! cc
IT'Z SICK
"Top Administrators are partners in leadership with the Mayor and other leading politicians."
this guy at wells fargo though >>>>
I love that classifies its projection calls as "news"
Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it's one of the best.
SAN DIEGO SUPER CHARGERS!
Am crazy about "Looking For the Pony" play at Detroit Rep. Of course, my husband's in it, (shameless plug) but nevertheless, great show!
As soon as my students leave im.getting in my car and its dueces
Well, I went to the Today Show and I heard that afterwards he was recording something later that night so I asked some girl
well.. we will how it plays out.. it is still anybodies playoffs.
DO NOT FORGET!!!!! Stretching and mobility class will be help this SUNDAY at 10am!!!!!!
I miss jersey shore:(
Do u really care
He almost threw his hand awy on rvr. Says "u got it " & shows missed flush. Srry my 6 hi cant beat it..anyway, it was comical despite losing
no joke, i'd probably freak out inside if i ever met .
Taking out wrath on short stories...poor writers!
send me some questions and I'll do my best.
Our enlightening yet sporadic #CoMoFirstKickCountdown continues!
Ah got it. Oh yeah, I had to run out and but that Queen Bee book in fing fifth grade but so far so good. yet i know it's comin'
Kemp settles into productive groove at the plate
This Friday, June 4th, is our Customer Appreciation Day. Stop by 101 Stewart 11a - 3p for menu samples & complimentary coffee
RIP Carl Beane
we mix up the languages a little...
dude you just need practice, start with pine trees and move your way up
just a hello! And to tell you I forgot to record the bachelorette! lol
Your liver called! ...it's wants a Delicious Detox :D
I'm glad you made it back!!
Still working on it...might take some time.
Summer steam. Dupont escalators broken. This is my mount fuji.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking - <U+201C>Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.<U+201D>
Actually we are working on some pretty good ideas right now. What you got?
Thank you!
Ohh how I miss you bed. Its warm & cozy. I'm off to dream-land, tomorrow is another day in the making life has been good. So surreal. GDN<U+2665>
It funny, I say something extremely inappropriate and gay and lose 4 followers and gain 5 lol
lmao he'd be here anyway
funny-I planned on starting my next set with Roy!!
How do you know? :)
why should I follow a fake ?
RT : First rookie appearance went well, had fun with the kids, even tho some of them were kinda bad. Well they were bad.
Visiting that many times, most people assume you already work there. Why not check in with #belly and get the staff discount?
#OneTreeHill & #ModernFamily Here I come. Then I will endulge in a little #Revenge and have myself some cheesecake :) xoxo
no worries, thanks for following
I am a Christian, like pirates in tight pants sans shirts, also prefer print comics, am straight, & I like you just fine! :)
Disney Junior UK&#39;s #1 Series Jake and the Never Land Pirates Goes Virtual With the Launch of Jake&#39;s World
Is swearing off chocolate and pizza
LA is cool and all but i'd much rather be home right now....my buddy needs me!!
Do you believe in easily winnable series against a seriously decimated contender?...er miracles?
Life without Mo will certainly have its obstacles. Stay positive and never give up on the best team in the world.
I have a 10 yr old that said about my 4 yr old I know she has autism but sometimes shes annoying which is soo understandable...(cont)
YEAH BUDDY!! RT : Tonight Belleville Ontario, at Belle Pub. Come out and party with us and
boo, why doesn't Boot Camp support Windows 7 yet?
Don't miss "THE ONE" Storytelling Series Monday 4/11 at 7pm, Cyclops Bookstore, Baltimore
ur a bad bitch arent you!
or....in charge.
what a sweetheart! were these for easter???
issues a challenge. Find out your ROI/value in your org and report back in a year at the next
where was the first date?
Don't call or text me, or I'm snapping....
Oh, and by the way... now let the Christmas celebrations begin!
you still think Kstate is a top 5 team?
Happy Gameday! On the way up the 1265.
If these weekend chores will simply vanish, we might start on the ones that were left behind.
lmao sick T yo can i meet you when u come to nyc i live in bk
Michael Carroll, American University talking about open access policy: wants copyright to do its job.
I'll watch the start, but only probably like an inning :( got plans
Helps to be on the right side lol.
You have no idea. Thanks so much for the encouraging words.
that list is spot on, though I'd swap El Toro for El Castillito (Church) and change Gordo to Inner Sunset loc. Haven't been to Alte<U+00F1>a.
skype sucks!! anyone want to tango?
new laptop!
gotta love Damien Lewis.
Then he ran into my knife He ran into my knife ten times.
Fear, you can be here with me, but you're not allowed to drive.
no, KC recovered
it's the perks of living in Orlando lol.
Does anybody think UL can beat UK?
This girl in this class is playing flipping #mileycyrus...shoot me please...
HeLLo :b RT : lookin at some throwback 2008 pics of me and and Man I miss them days
I hope McGee's Mom chokes MWP unconscious. You know... as a basketball play.
Just for that bullshit you pulled yo album better be good!
At a church musical
Oh My God Becky Look At Her But! Tunechi :D
correlation <> causation. Logic 101
I'm glad I'm not the only one with a 5th grade sense of humor! I think we could have some tie-in merchandising with this one.
One more class than its back to Louisville for a couple days
Thursday confession: I don't know how to draw an "&", so when needed I draw a "$" sign and just scribble over it.
I MEAN IT TAKES NOTHING TO GET WHERE U AT I WANT WHAT U HAVE MY PEOPLE WILL CHERISH IT
It's not over till the sailor sings.
Rest peacefully Phoebe Jacobs. Well done, faithful Jazz General, well done.
Hi, I am a fantasy enthusiast. Who is your favorite author?
Can I borrow someone's name? But it needs to be a guys (for my story)
Thanks for the RT, so kind!
Love doesn't walk away... People do.
will u plz #follow me for my birthday i love u so much & want u to know that me and the other #Mahomies r proud of u <3
San Antonio is so beast !!!(:
I'm not. But it's rather infuriating to see young women leaders "leaving before they leave." (As Sheryl Sandberg suggests.)
that looks yummy
thinks in Takei
We need someone to oversee protocol to avoid these embarrassing events.
#producer is the new black
I stubbed my toe earlier.
Gotta love Mamie she bought me a braclet for me!! (:
#nowplaying Always Attract - You Me At Six.<3
awww, you are very brave!
Someone send me some S/O's please lol
welcome to la la land - what course you playing tomorrow?
A tweet from NYC on my new Samsung - should make Twitter a snap!
is a sucky person, she ignores her boyfriend all day. On a flipside I've had a good day and a got a cover for my phone.
trying to diss, talking that ishhhh?
Had an awesome week working w/ s returners. I am energized by their work ethic & enthusium! Im looking forward 2 next week!
My entire weekend is devoted to eating and story development. Soon to request my tax incentive certificate. Your Plans?
Post a positive review on our facebook and receive a FREE tire rotation!!!
just signed up and posted my Thursdays after work event @ D'OR (204 w. 55th St. b/t 7th & Broadway). 212.931.9020 for info.
Thanks, Pete! Hope you have a nice evening and weekend, and a great new year!
Was amazing to see live yesterday! Favorite moment was the appearance of the 1982 "Cats" cast- esp the one in the wheelchair!
She's so cute!
I practically live at the mall now..
Its A Great Morning because God made it So
its ok
what hospital did you stay at?
"Margarita" RT : "I'll Have Another" wins Kentucky Derby.
WHOLE album actually resonated w/ me. Dead Sea. Submarine. Stubborn Love. Big Parade. DM me if you can't find them, I can send...
RIP Davy Jones of The Monkees
it is awesome!
I have a weird feeling about today :/
Spending my birthday afternoon/evening in a graduate class followed by the 1st rehearsal for my play's staged reading. Pretty cool actually.
I dont enjoy the hair of those kids from One Direction. Those hairstyles fill me with unexplainable anger especially when they were on SNL.
I can't believe the dad on Still Standing and King Robert on Game of Thrones are the same actor.
Fantastic Mixer last night with lots of information and demonstrations on 3D filming and cameras and some great contacts!
#Yoga is an integral part of well being and an amazing complement to Pilates.
Offical cookie of arrives today.... exciting times in Dallas at #SMILEcon www.smileycookie.com/ www.theSMILEConference.com
Hahahaha yes. RT : Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?
Listening to LMFAO...reminding me of Cabo.
LOVE THIS!!!
hmm ok... u should try doing it harder
Hey Mark Walhberg, when do you plan on bringing back Marky Mark? Us ladies kinda need him.
Give teachers a pension & they'll live comfortably for a lifetime. Teach teachers to protest & they'll live comfortably for generations...
cause were that cute, we know. Btw it was Nathalie that old the dude...
<U+0001F602> Ristas too funny
If you're on the "he's gay" side of the debate, you win. But you knew that... ;)
RT Watch what u say on phones and social sites - ya never know who's listening or watching
Thanks for making my morning full of giggles. ;-)
Congrats to England U17's jordandakid and in their 1-0 win over Ukraine in the Euro C'ships in Georgia yesterday
Hello Twitter! I sure have been busy with so many things going on! I promise to be on and tweeting very soon! Much love, DW!
lolol thats seriously been on repeat in my head since i saw your tweet, now I have to listen to it! not that i mind
Is anyone else seeing their Facebook feed hyperpopulated with socialcam and viddy?
THANK YOIU for the FF! I appreciate it! Have a great weekend! XO J
Good luck to who are training for a 900 mile Lands end to John O Groats cycle ride in May supporting
RIP Adrienne Rich. Your poetry changed the world and the way I interact with it.
I'm a dude
awww Mrs.Jones giving you the silent treatment?
That moment when the school thinks a vial to hold weed in is a crackpipe and adds that to your charge of possession. I DON'T FUCK WITH CRACK
KW: on average, union workers make 30% more than nonunion. Bargaining rebalances power btw employers and workers.
Am I The Only Once Having A
RT Before we disappear into the hectic blur of the New Year...yfrog.com/kefwmgtj
Chunky as charged
Well then. RT : If I was a Chicagoan on a Domu.com ad, it would read: Lauren. Twitter Monster. Expert booty shaker.
I never wish death on nobody, cause there ain<U+2019>t coming back from that
So far, I think it's just a list of one. ;-p
Dang it, I got cream cheese on my work pants.
haha wish I could say it would be soon, but funds are tight nowadays... I'd love to make it up there though
I am gonna come party wit the crew next time! #getready!
Happy Friday! Want to be our friend on Facebook. Like us. We are a friendly bunch:-)
real cool....i remember when i had my first beer!!!!
the protest movement wanted change... but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass.
get used to it okay
#ABDC7 Makes my Wednesday nights!
<U+201C> IF you bite my lip or neck. You better start taking off your fucking clothes lol<U+201D>
Loving #paleo oatmeal.Blend nuts-almonds and pecans+ add your favorite fruit and coconut milk.Heat in microwave.
I just feel that i wana make the next my best!
And our guides to #LincolnPark have arrived!
How have I turned into the social coordinator of MLANET? Not complaining. :)
Sure thing! Just DM us your e-mail and we'll have someone contact you directly.
Special Follow Friday thanks to
how does tweets?? Ive always asked myself hw he does dat
He so slow like my grandmama !!! Old and not good!!!
lmao thanks I am trying.
#BOSS LA FAMILIA#GREENLIGHT#CHICAGO LETS GET IT
she's not kidding
Tune in tonight 5PM EST live interview on Houston, TX w/Jeff Kelly
I wish I could read in my sleep.
I'm feeling pretty this morning
Each hurdle is getting you closer to the finish line
County wide power outages took out our office today, but not our data center. All of your websites are up and running just fine.
Best sample ever: Inspector Gadget on The Show by Doug E. Fresh. That's it. End of story.
I miss you too!
It may be on my guilty pleasure list ! :L Yeerp! Its hilarious when 'good girl' Gabriella gets told off xD
thanks man it's good to be back in Cali.
all is well on this sunny thurs... U?
Attention - The quickest way to get a lot of individual attention is to make a big mistake.
Anyone around me wanna hit up Chapotle? about time I use this gift card
True Born Records r
SCARF UPDATE: We will order both designs next week after we compare prices/product & they will be $20 a piece. Sound good?
we're fine, but his family doesnt like me because im black and hes white and i told him i dnt think im good enuf :/
I <3 the gatsby reference though. Pretty accurate
Hang in there! You're doing your thing for democracy today.
Retweet &help a military family. Anyone can donate a food box to a military - FAM - you CAN make a difference www.thetreasurebox.org/donate/
what's up Jeff!?
No, Monty Python. Lol
It's too bad ESPN hasn't covered the NFL draft enough
A5: James Harden is making a huge name for himself. He's got game and a style schtick...great marketing combo
Can't preorder Black Ops II because I don't turn 17 until the end of May :c
RJS asked me to get her a valentines day donut. no wonder you and are friends.
haha it's a good thing i don't care or else I'd feel really awkward right about now
I spent 5.10 on the metro for one trip. Washington, you're not cheap.
#TheSexWasGreatWhen you walk outside and your car is covered in paint and wood stainer...
did she teach that lesson well enough ,cus yo behind did not learn based off my experiences
Watching the western conf finals, lets go lakers!
I love future husband! <3
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. <U+2013> John Locke
Thanks so much! We appreciate that!
Self-respect.... get it before you expect anyone to want you around them.
Just a heads up, if you tweet about Lindsay Lohan, even ironically, you will get some odd responses from people you don't know.
This. RT : STARTUP IDEA: invent a printer that isn't a complete piece of shit.
Deborah, thanks so much!
instant human---better than a Polaroid!
": think I can trick into taking me to see Beauty & The Beast in 3D tonight? time will tell. #WilyCharlatan"
Students visas abused as 50,000 enter UK for employment not studies: Government's migration controls failing as ..
so how old are you?
Yes, there are a lot of chapters in that area. The important thing is that you're active and financial somewhere.
Haha Thank You! Whatever you make my job easy!
Working tonight ?
<U+201C>: Blu played whoop rico last night ^.^<U+201D>
Bare jokes in the dungeon.
fair firm and consistent. good mantra Eden. Wish I had your classroom mgmt skills! Will try to get there...
I fully agree! Being able to romp around all summer without worrying too much about tight fitting clothes=happy. It wont take long
Surprising my Mammy in Nashville for a mother's day lunch is exactly what I need today.
Check out the latest episode of with from "Quitters" talking about
You have such amazing friends.
24 days until Christmas! Stop by in #Brookhaven #ATL for some great gifts for your new arrival!
Making playlist, any suggestions??
POTUS or any man can't redefine " Holy Matrimony" lifestyles and choices should not determine equal rights!
This week, it's BP vs. Showman, an intense fantasy football battle in mediocrity.
New music is commin faster then u think...better tie down ur wigs ppl cuz shits finna get flipped monkey style on dat ass! -K/D
It's boring lol.
Sick as hell rite now nose stop up n shit ugh
I live in Santa Maria and work in Santa Barbara.
well, thank you kindly.
good win :) and finally someone scored off one of my corners, yay :D
It works everywhere but with you homie, lol.
these days it seems like every car commercial concludes with the young passengers arriving at a bonfire on the beach
#HITsm patients/consumers can make bad decisions too. iPod wasn't best reviewed - just best marketed.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please.
Another full day of diving with my fave dive buddies www.desertdogdiving.com
sorry!!! You should have taken some turkey and ham with you. Call me when you get home safely.
Finally done with my homework
I have no idea where Bowie is from, but I hope to God I'm from the same place.
Friends meow
Something tells me Braun is back!
comic relief :) my expertise.
Editing, growing, reflecting...editing, meditating, teaching...stoked 4 the spring births of new ideas, projects, & spiritual opportunities
He gone learn real fast
twitter is going mad...but thanks love
this person i don't like.
This guy is! Bring me some winners Ladies!
Can I stop studying the new NFL OT rules now?
The true gentleman does not preach his beliefs until he does so by his actions.
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes- I wish I could just crawl out-
You made my day with #classy ! :)
I was just wondering how you comb your hair so the horns don<U+2019>t show?
This month The $1 Million Facebook Experiment is supporting Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs. Join now and help!
European plates? You're a douche
In other news, beauty sleep time. Goodnight, Chicago Bulls. Goodnight Atlanta. Goodnight, Ned.
hi! I miss you! <3
Today was a great day!
heard that!
#NYACCE12 Lisa Lee and her NY colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance AECP in the Empire State! Bright futures being made here!
I mean hey lol
mole tweet
.. thank u so much and please stay connected! =)
Please, Derrick, don't hurt 'em!
My condolances goes out to the family of famed hairstylist, Vidal Sasoon, who I've learned of his death earlier today.
Yes! I feel like nude pretty much goes with anything...
BTW I'm
"Whichever one turns my poo green." - How I order a snowball
Sometimes Minnesota nice is exhausting. Please - just come out and say what you want to say!!
Weird. In my head dialog = computer, dialogue = human interaction. Like theatre the art vs. theater the building.
For those keep asking, its true I did interview Sir Richard Branson during my time as a Tech Conference host, no we are not in business!
Yeah man. Incredible CD! Kudos to the production crew as well.
I wish I didnt dilly dally and play outside :-\
don't kno #oomf all that well...but part of me realllyyyyy wants to... Haha
Anyone have a cool compost bin design? Lookng 4 pics, diagrams, tales
Hmm...why so cold tonight?
I love you boo <U+201C>: ur so pretty my lover!<U+201D>
I watched the first 60min of 'Un coeur en hiver/A Heart in Winter' earlier. I can't wait to finish it later. Daniel Auteuil is so goode.
awesome! Proud for you! Missed you today though.
You mean, hell to the frakkin' yeah!
Enjoying the FL fall weather.
say sweetheart I'm sorry my childish associate needs help but don't worry he don't like you cause your to smart
karate chop your throat... it'll teach it a lesson :D jk
Today, 3:30pm, FergH 225: Graduate Student Musicology Panel. See these three conference papers here first!
it IS pretty sweet!!
I'm just glad that you're ok.
Will so. Thanks.
ADDICTION AND AUTONOMY: CAN ADDICTED PEOPLE <U+2026> | One ...
Watching you leave, the tears on your sleeve. Notice that mine aren't exactly dry.
You up now but you'll get yours some how, some day, in some way, shape, or form. Revenge is coming, no way to escape the storm.
Shared accountability. Harder than what it seems, but crucial for professional relationships to work.
Hey, how did your first program go?!
you need a cigarette hanging out of yo mouth for a profile pic like that.
Best nap of my life! <U+E13C><U+E00E><U+E337>
Codes you are the best! Thanks man! Easily one of the nicest guys I know! :)
Get cheap price now NFL Buffalo Bills 2 Piece Two Tone Stainless ...
Wish I had my dog in the studio with me. Guess my co-workers wouldn't appreciate having his beautiful hair on their clothes though.
don't worry your dying chicken voice gave me chills :$
how bout I call now ur phone, at 5pm ;)
sounds delicious. Only if Edthel is involved, See you this weekend?
MT : My grandmother did a good job directing the Lionel Richie/Shania Twain duet video they're showing on this PLANE.
How many top ten teams do you have to beat to break 15? 12.5% of top ten losses (ESPN poll) to UW...
Is your office putting up a Christmas tree?
Oh is that why he's like that. Consider the territory marked Alice. {winks & giggles}
Yay fantasy hockey!!
we are not old love c/o 84 just wise and sexy that's all
It's time people recognize health care's real cost - #ForKenya RT : Fighting for #ACA isn't about politics. It is about people....
Supposed to do 1 problem for precal homework, but yet I still don't care enough to do it
No more camouflage I wanna be exposed but not afraid to fall
stay up Cain
#kids LEGO Robotics & SOCCER! at Pine Richland Youth Center, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Does your child love LEGO bricks? Soccer too? Join us...
Can't believe spring soccer practice for my daughter starts tomorrow!
Finally in bed. And... goodnight. <U+270C>
I really wish I had some converse
My dad literally overreacts for everything and then he always takes everything away. Thus again shows why i dont like him at all.
More collaborating with we might as well change the name of our address to 300 French Street, Jaunt Land, NJ
finally finished my hair
thanks u should join our team
I have a stupid canker soar on my tounge and it hurts reay bad :/
you'll know if you get extremely sick like for two days & then nothing or if he
Phillip c Hoffman is here. Smugfaced.
Hmm, I might just have to go on a drunk hugging tour...
Cloudy day = time to brew. Think its time for an American wheat with some orange peel.
I still feel like I'm 15....
That kind of life is most happy which affords us most opportunities of gaining our own esteem. -Samuel Johnson
For the coolest kid-friendly fun in #SanDiego, #FF to
I want a simpler one haha =)
Good morning!! Please hit my pic below and go to the website to like my pics! Xo
I think Tom Norris should Rejoin :)
now following FB?
Anyone have a good recipe for eggnog cheesecake? Why is it so hard to find? Now I want it even more!
GTS: This ones for you & me , living out our dreams. We're all right where we should be. With my arm out wide, I open my eyes....
I hate this nasty weather<U+0001F4A8><U+2601><U+2614><U+26A1>
This is the time of year CEOs think of Strategic Planning - make sure the word "customer" is at least on page 2 if not on page 1
RT : #oomf tries too hard to be "hipster"..
And I wish there was football on...
Thinking before I act, like Steven's mom says I should. It's so fuckin hard though. Ugh. :/
The bottom line --> MT POTUS, and the MSM, would much prefer a discussion of gay marriage to a discussion of the economy.
First time I really sit down with my phone in PCB, gotta tweet my ass off
Loving the ATX again...
Congrats!!!!!!! glad to see you as a bill for more years!
I'd like to Thank God for loving me the way he does.
text: zesmo to 368266 to see what an ad might look like.
After encouraging start with ComETS, equally encouraging beginning dialogue with MTAG. Lots of interest in deep collaboration.
Padriag Harrington birdies 13,14,15,16,18 The broadcast did not show any of it...CBS forcing me to the web ...pick it up slackers
Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck? People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him.
YaY for your new monthly newspaper + great stopwatch, keeping us on track here at
My birthday is on thursday!!!!
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is a man who hopes they are. ~ Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Lucky you!! :) RT : Meeting my ideas happen A true blessing you love what u do, I count mine every day!
Amazing rehearsal for our Roxy show! Debuting a super dope acoustic combo, as well as a couple new songs ;-)
Well...we just lost a stupid soccer game....and i officially hate half of my team...i thought being captain would make this year good..
looking at tan girls with perfect body's and big boobs and perfect asses makes me feel like a huge pile of dog shit. fuck everything.
I think I need a bigger suitcase.
Off to soccer!! Spider man went to Wal-Mart with me :)
NCAA Looking into Nerlens Noel ...would they if he didn't come to UK?
Hahaha I love Caris. ;)": Every time they mention Game 6 of the WS in this game, I make it a point to shout "IT SHOULDA BEEN US!!!"
If Obama wins reelection, Israel parliament will force Bibi to resign within 6 months.
It is so beautiful out! Too bad I'm stuck at work
stop teasing just show us :)
well dont wanna be a stalker so whats up lady??
Are you going to visit ?(;
Today 3 pm at the celebrate Earth Day with WITS! 30 HISD students will share awesome nature poems and stories....
There's only ONE thing I never understood.......
Boy I put on a good poker face.. Tonight was really hard. God help me find ground with this, because I can't stop worrying.
that's awesome! I love spontaneous trips!!! Have fun :)
RT : Just fucking witnessed a drug deal outside of 's house.
Top of the Morning!We'll have some awesome coffee for sale today.Dave's roasting right NOW!Come in,mention this tweet for a free 12oz coffee
MAGGS ENDS IT!!!
devl environment is clean. Moving files from devl into production requires additional SKILLS. dmp
why not both? There's more than 1 meal in a day
It's like you finally find what you're looking for, but it's too late.
Fresno mention on
xD Okay good. Lol. It was fine. Except. Zerran. DUDE. my THROAT. It feels like I have strep. :/
Oh wait, it's haling out
I have a cut on my finger. I don't know where I got it, but it burns.
Ok. Can't wait to hear it.
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm." <U+2014> Abraham Lincoln
Cuddling & being cute with him
Good morning mermaid fans I am sorry about the broken link to buying my book I am on it, it will be fixed ASAP
right after I read this little big town - little white church came on... You have great taste in music
over-processed hair-_-
Nothing like spending Friday night painting paper towel rolls white.
Rachel is messing with the church's money. Smh. Get er outta there.
"I just sit back and see what the walls are gonna look like"...wonders what Shug Avey is gonna put on there NOW.
#IfICouldWishForAnything it would be for a cure. <3
omg :o
I need to learn to love from a distance, the more I keep loving the more I keep getting my heart broken because u don't love me the same way
Split double tall sugar free vanilla free pour two equal no foam not too hot latte. I hate myself.
anyone read Zmuda's Breaking Free from Myths About Teaching and Learning: Innovation as an Engine for Student Success -recommend?
say somethin!! Go Bucks!!
Should of went to Rogers :(:(:(:(
it was awesome!
everybody get up, it's time to jam now
A special thank you to ALL of our new followers!!!!
i feel so obsessed with Peyton right now... <U+0001F633> haha ;D
nvm wrong jenna sorry t bother u
Another great audition day! Had thee most attractive reading partner for my film audition today. Felt like a nervous 13 year old girl. <U+0001F633><U+0001F60D>
im from cleveland
": The only New York team winning last night was the Mets. Yanks, Knicks and Rangers lost." That's a first. LOL :P
LBJs over scrutinized because he calls himself great and King. He's brought it upon himself. To feel sorry for him is ridiculous
haha tell that to your mom and watch her slap you
Thanks girl! <3 I have SO much to tell you!
My today to do list is the Indy 500 of day before craft show endurance. So much work.
Your family is what matters, fans will forget and boosters will too! hug and kiss your family cause the have a short game clock too
TunnelFact #3: tunnel project relies on $300M Mercer and Spokane St projects to fit into street grid (cost not included in current plan)
The #Community episode in the Law and Order format, amazing!
how about we trade for someone who can put a ball in play instead of pitcher
The best love relationship is that you can thoroughly be who you are that your partner still indulge in.
omg it's awesome!!! Do you like it?
alright you and need to get the whole RBMG crew together for a big song.
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought. ~Dennis Roth
what/who should i listen to on spotify?
2 zoning cases being followed. 1. South Congress cafe. Deck or not. 2. D/T proposed hotel. Stakes high.
Time to make the cheesy potatoes!!!
watching #smackdown its awesome. wuz anyone surprised that returned monday on raw 4 nites ago?
Take a break for Chicken this morning! What's your favorite CFA breakfast item?
Have you ever encountered someone that will absolutely not stop #rambling about #EVERYTHING? My head is now #hurting. Geez!
Wait - so how many teams are in the Big 12 now?
A lot of people are yelling and wooing outside. Something about sports?
Karine Megerdoomian, MITRE, on analyzing social media at #Academedia. Examples from TweetFeel > More obscene Tweets on screen
Love your site. Very cool idea for creatives.
More coffee. The night shift just got for reals.
Yaaaaaaaaay! My baby is home!!!
wait wait wait...your badge says "golf professional"????
without a doubt
that's a good song
I Love How Takes The Time And Wishes His ICONiacz A Happy Birthday.<3 #LoveYou<3
I for one can't wait till Romney adds all the #RobotVampirefromtheFuture facts to the WH presidential bios.
When i stopped reading blogs I also stopped writing them. I need to stop living on a ship
you know when you're at home with the one you love, and you think-- i got to get on your health insurance
Some of these roller coasters are getting my ass
Bubba Watson wins the greatest golf tournament in the history of the world.
"I wanna follow N'Sync" -
Got me thinking...
I thought I've tasted heaven until I met fried apples over ice cream, Delicious isn't even the word!
I forgot how much I LOVE Macy Gray's voice.
Like Paul, we too are <U+201C>children of light<U+201D> and filled with God<U+2019>s good news. How can we show this light in our lives?<U+201D>~RT
lol sounds good! I'll meet you at the film school at 5! I'm so excited to see you!
is embarrassing me in front of everyone in this break room I'm #LOLing so bad....
My heart hurts... RIP RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of <U+2018>Where the Wild Things Are,<U+2019> Dies at 83
I was a big fan of the Clemson "half-throw while falling leading to INT/fumble to the house" RT "Sack-fumble" is the new pick-6.
Clemson&#39;s bats exorcise Atlanta demons, take series at Georgia Tech
My nephew is here!! Yay!!
No sleep + sick + dentist + finals = Worst week ever.
my hugs are kind of awesome
Thanks for the shout!! RT Full-service Film & Video Production Laboratory, Factory & Menagerie of Curiosity.
Go Girl!
S/O to for being there for me! Truly my #bestfriend!!
BAHAHAHAHA! UL fans are getting all butt-hurt over UK's comeback win against MSU! Really? REALLY? LOVE IT!!!!
We don't-She should donate her profits to charity from her fake wedding RT : I miss my sisters while they are in Australia!
"When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not." -Mark Twain RT
haha!! Gotta love em! That'll be us someday trying to control our robot servants.
Just wrote a scene that's gonna give *me* nightmares. Why do I do this to myself?
Nicki I LOVE UR MUSIC AM SUCH A HUGE FAN, LOVE UR NEW SINGLE!! RETWEET ME PLEASE!! :D <3
"Dinner without wine is like a kiss without love" See Dobson's winelist at www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Wine_list then come taste it!
do you know who Theo Feldman is ?
I'd be surprised if J has not changed his goals toward directing/behind the scenes stuff. As for JP, he can raise a kid in Van.
My husband makes friends wherever he goes.... Just like Justin Bieber
GM's latest model aims to compete with German rivals
In your opinion, where is the most painful place to get a tattoo??
Fuxk the heat
dudette, thanks! very exciting! west side hang times, very soon! o'brien's??
There is never "enough" love.
I should've bought stock in that the first day I brought it home for us.
Obama has Goth lips
Itss been a long as day
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to spit like a redneck from Alabama and it ends up dribbling down your chin.
I know right? Sort of seems like false advertising.
Do ya think about me still? Do ya? do ya?
Naked time is the best time. It's nice to strip down and kick back, nothing sexual to it. I highly recommend it!
Great point by Trent Dilfer: Newly hired offensive asst Josh McDaniels will face the man he drafted while being the HC at Denver, Tim Tebow.
I sure wish will hurry back to ATL to paint my living room and bathroom! Geez!!
"Oh my God, it's full of stars"
great chatting with you last night! Good luck with the kitchen.
I <U+E022> you too girl. RT : I love youu <U+2764>
is the only surviving one left. everyone else left sick. today I learned about imjin waeran.
yeah... bout to change my password
Need catering? We cater events of up to 1,000 people! 10 percent off for new customer orders. Call today! 614-891-ACME.
I'm loving it. Doing groovy and grails using Intelli J as my IDE.
get the fuck off my TL with that. Go
mOney oN MY mInd Im sEeinG dollaR siGns so onCe i toUch dOwn kAnt wasTe no time #FULLTIMEGRIND !!!
Between viral meningitis, flu/pneumonia & heart conditions, we're keeping the hospitals in business! cc:
Happy Happy Birthday !
Hardship tends to unify. -Colin Farrell
- Great selection this morning ..
Some intense UK battling as England narrowly edges Scotland 12-7.
you should fill in the combined weight of both dumbbells- if you're doing 35's, enter 70. We'll soon clarify this in the UI.
I would never let anyone else call me that. Lori.
Awww RT : It's pouring! Come inside. We have a bucket for your umbrellas and another for your tears.
Today's the day! Watch our BRAND NEW SHOW on at 9pm EST where kids and celebrities talk about the importance of failing
Woo! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER LOUNGE
Swimming tomorrow I get to see my hoes!:D
I'm finally legal woo
Every apartment complex I'm looked at have reviews that go from "It's amazing" to "It's a cockroach infested hellhole."
i contributed food colouring and money to SCAV. i've done my part this year. next year i'll actually do stuff!
Destiny is not a matter of chance; but a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, It is a thing to be acheived...W.J. Bryan
damn phones lost connection lol busy signal rest of the day <U+201C>: ... The moment she says "Hey, I gotta ask you a question" ... Ehh.<U+201D>
2) Greinke has the stuff and command of a #1. Hasn't been able to perform consistently enough to that level.
He must be on that #DaveRamsey RT : Raise and shine... Only broke people sleep.
Hatch Staffing Services would like to wish everyone a wonderful holiday weekend!
sorry for the hold, had to do a couple of hours . . Dec 2013 is the date!
When this life is over, will u be proud of what u've done?
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and they smell bad
No rest for the wicked... Long night so far with a sick puppy...
I can't believe I let this happen again...
A few #auditions coming up, and working on #website edits and other #marketing projects with my #manager!
#Daytona500 not everyday you see tide being spread on the track
I would be like you luckyy!!... soo how was it?
I'm going Western Conference, strong goalie, no cups. Go #Coyotes, #Predators and
Twitter i don't wanna fucking add my location to my tweets. :(
You know, I thought your name was Spanish for a while there... ;) RT I wish I could speak spanish, seriously.
first d-3 school to do it I believe. Something in the water at u dub-dub
Let's trade Pau and Bynum to get Dwight Howard.
homophobe free son.
Fade Out! Final Draft is done!
STOKED!!! <3 I move into my new house in 1 month...that means a new background for all my Candids :p hahahaha
Gas prices finally went down son
awesome! hope to meet them someday. have a great weekend!
The market manipulators have already gotten leverage and are pulling commodities and the DOW back up from the opening lows.
That moment when your trying to kill time until she replies, but Your shower only stays warm for 10 minutes (-___-)
Yay shift is officially over :-)
Tech Issues on MomAdvocateTV today; SO SORRY Come see us everyone July 14th LIVE Show Featuring Empty Nest Expert Natalie Caine
Safer to stick to "real journalists" like Breitbart, Kaufman, & Fox news, right?
OMG that looks so delicious!!!!!! You should TOTALLY be a chef!!!! YUM!
Follow me this week as heads to #SATWNZ -- we can't wait to see you in New Zealand!
.wow !just wow!
well still your door could've hit it hah
I need to get our Society in this thinking of doing Webinars. So many great choices.
i'll find out for sure tomorrow.
what's for #dinner new york?
Time sure flies by!
tell them you broke your finger& ill wrap it up and send you with a doctor excuese tomorrow :) # PlanForEverything
awww! This was the year we became friends. When ppl ask about school friends, I always say u were one of my 1st & best friends
Ok, I now have a working twitter App. Back to the madness lol
some of these bitches think they gettin a check...jus kno we #rackedup over here
not baaddd. how are you?
Welcome to Good Burger. Home of the Good Burger. Can I take your order?.
Tomorrow at 2PM! We release our first song from our EP!
Thanks for letting me know
Woooweee. Busy week. The tired never stops.
Is granola even good for you? Let's be real.
do they have sugar free?! Ha
Congrats on finishing! Left a comment for you on your blog.
This coffees making me want to run around the store naked<U+0001F601>
reading the boys' thank you notes that are on the cover of the album.Im like bawling :')
from Blog: Cities court retail development at
Given all the hysteria, it<U+2019>s interesting to note #SocialSecurity has been in surplus for 30 yrs and will continue to do so
new JADED song up on our facebook now! go under our BandPage and listen to "CLASSIC" hope you enjoy and spread the word if you like it!!!!!
Will Brees be back with the #Saints?
the things i wish i could say to these stupid ass customers
Good luck tonight, Taylor.
Embrace your Irish spirit March 16 & 17 w/Corned Beef & Cabbage & Irish whiskey 4 a real !
We're back!
See you on Opening Day, Cardinals. you win?
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sat, May 19 9:00a: Love gaming,...
#20ThingsAboutMe 3.) I love someone that's so many miles away </3
Honey whiskey = Sweet Fire. :-)
With listening to 97.5 picking #wisshoops to win tonight. Let's go!
That's a devil's advocate question, not my position necessarily.
I feel like I am one of those "android users that are ruining Instagram" All I can say is sorry.
Im really bad with grocery stores.
omg so good and yes I'll bring them to psych tomorrow!!
"The choice-based classroom in the personalized classroom" #pearsoncite Indeed! Great presentation, Jeff Borden.
There's no free baseball. Fans who attend a game that goes into extra innings will be charged a $1.00/inning overage fee.
So far gone
There is a faint smell of bleach in the air on the East Side. We are here for you!
Monta Ellis with the last 16 for Milwaukee to close out with a W. Bucks now 1 game back of NY and 3 back from Philly
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this<U+E00D><U+E420><U+E012><U+E41E><U+E402>
OK, done with Babby quotes tonight, will have more tomorrow night!
A thousand times I've failed you still, your mercy remains.
Groupon just defaulted my home city to Wichita. So, that's peculiar.
My trust level right now is at an all time low....
lol no clue but my phone spells it for me!
I'm so done sharing all my guy information with ppl smh
Dear God - just let the Liverpool sale to the Red Sox owners go through before we get relegated and continue to hemorrhage money and pride.
Remember, you'll always save up to 30% off Publishers' Edition prices. Way more than this with Summer Reading prices, right?
Consider it done!
haha that's the Hannah I know right there!
I think it's kewl to run around, arms spread like a plane, and jump over benches I dunno bout you..
Why are we still publishing journal article PDFs with multiple columns of text? What do you people not get about THE DIGITAL AGE?
same here
Something I haven't said in a while - it's hot out!
Great to have your here!
If you are a grown man and your tone decreases when you speak about sex, meet me downstairs. Ignore the crowbar, I just wanna talk LOL
my real name is Rodger. Which means, "to fuck someone", in the UK. That shits hilarious to me.
This dude just told me I looked 16.. That's cool cuz I'm really 28<U+0001F601>.. On my momma on my hood.. I look fly..<U+0001F3B6>I look god!!!<U+0001F3B6><U+0001F44D>
Sharing my with today to live-tweet ASTD's Chapter Leader Day in Denver; join us via #astd2012cld 8-11:45am MT
I just wish, as a formerly bullied youth & activist, the mainstream media would tag onto this idea, becuz 'bully' is overused.
Just found out Mr Ed had peanut butter in his mouth. What he didn't really talk?
So True.. And is happening right now!
check out #illustrations. You'll love his work.
"If the drive is too far, traffic is too bad, your gf is annoying, your job sucks and that keeps u from doing it - go do something else..."
thanks man;) glad you like them!
"WE GOT THE STREETS SUCKAS'!!!! CAN U' DIG IT????"-CYRUS"THE WARRIORS"
what do you think about Intel's move towards becoming more software focused?
If I were Manning I'd pick Tenn or SF. At this point...they're simply closer to winning a title than the Broncos are.
RT : #txla12 Great session on managing online social reputation. Good tips and sites!
Watched an old movie last night with my gals #TheMatchmaker. Great line "A man can survive without his wallet, but not without his friends."
loll that Metta interview.
Spa dayy . Ahh I cant wait for this rub down
Dear everyone, please do not cover Curtis Mayfield songs. It is boring and painful.
pussay gets wet like the ocean in which people surf. Therefore, I am the God of rap.
thank you for taking such good care of us!
Yes are u?:) I miss all my friends:/
Amazed at lack of planning trains putting 2 coach train on route with reduced service due to engineering. #fail #rammed !
Are we ready for a great discussion about instructional design?
I'm more in danger of dying in a car dancing-related accident than nearly anything else.
jeesh the things i do for you.. haha makin the crip get up to get her phone charger!
We'd like to hear your answers. Are you brave enough to go on camera?
BASE Camp is Mobile! Please text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you want to donate to the number: 27138!
Just watched a nice piece about #Sirte, #Lybia on It makes me mad that US media spends zero minutes on news like this.
I don't trust the cloud. I like to have control of my own data.
R u following the awesome #abc7chicago weekend morning team? & & !! They rock!
"that's a paddlin'" classic :)
Anger in SA at rape video hearing
Did you have fun?(:
MT Psychologist Alexander Luria's lovely term for deeply-ingrained habits like writing: "kinetic melodies."
Enjoyed that hour on Florida Roundup. Thx, Phil for having me on WLRN 91.3FM
If there ever was an anti-christ for Gus Johnson, it's Doris Burke. She can make anything uninteresting and immediately unwatchable
Succesfull organizations PLAN the change, then MANAGE the change and then REINFORCE the change.
that's what I been doing nd I'm getting aawsome results
I survived just meant I had to spend more time in the bar drinking beer.
=) I hope the rehearsal is going good!
Ryan Zimmerman has new contract. Hope he stays healthy. Season starts soon.
lls!!! They Not For Me!
do i want churches or no .. hmm
Best song by is "Mystifyed" Got The Album "This Is My Time" wen i first entered high school i still jam to it! btw im 21
good idea, I'll do that one during our next lecture :-)
My #fridayreads was "I am a genuis of unspeakable evil & i want to be your class president"
#sacscoc create necessity for preparing & attending class
Looking for a co-owner!
oh ok They any good lol
Check out our new website!!!
same here :( haha De little ceasars or costco :9
i can really use a relaxation right about now. if u know what i mean ;) lol
nope a woman and play the man!
That's what I'm using, but it's not good for FB groups, i.e. Tweetup organizing and communicating!
Will do! Great meeting you, too.
Praying for successful Value Village trip to complete 90s tourist day outfit. The Hilfiger carpenter jorts just sent are epic
This thing lasts till 1ish....basically half a school day
thank you for the birthday wishes yesterday. i had a wonderful day full of love
wanna play words with friends? First one to flop out a collop wins...
And I have a headache plus my stomach hurts. Sucks 2 b me right now
Lol. this is why i love you!<3
...w/irresponsible people. Y do that to yourself? It's too easy to avoid.
what's been up
Thanks for the mention Dauson! Have a wonderful weekend!
well I don't like her
After a tough workout I can never eat much. But I can always drink... :)
Not knocking the crappy black-love movies vivica fox stars in, but she coulda been so much more "A-list"
. is on sale today through Thursday to celebrate Better Speech & Hearing month! Save $6 by downloading the app for only $13.99
I was getting ready to watch porn when i heard #LarrySexTapeLeaked <3 Disappointing
I just read that post - how exactly DO you keep H Street from going uber-trendy? The answer wasn't clear to me...
that was funny
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from therm ;-)
Weekend has been great. Getting ready for the week ahead. Hope you had a nice weekend!
Really congress. You can give the rich tax breaks, but you can't give a break to the middle class?
That talk on the way home.
it has never felt so good to lay down in bed before.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
#followmedylan Follow me PLEASE!
We love His loyalty knows no bounds.
Cool. Let me know. Still in the Strip.
i want to go see
*like* lol my room used to be like that haha
Parents. Sometimes you love em to death, and other times you just want to nail them with something heavy.
We will be posting our first weekly "Deals and Steals" list on Friday. Contact us if you would like to have your company's promotion listed.
just tryna help I gotta eye fa dese hoes .
#NeverTrustAGirlThat that only calls or txts when she needs something
Vera and John right not O_O
Yay! Thank you!
Lmao, you got a point there RT : Hell ur ass takes up the entire picture
The DOIT help desk is now the Technical Support Center and they are now located on the #UMBC library's first floor! Come by and say hello!
be glad you can C!
I'm so tired of defending what I've become
I want your hair and I'm super jealous that you can pull it off... JELLI!!!
I see you doing it big! Good luck to you
O always love the #SXSW tweets. My Theory #SXSW is where Twitter first took off in 4 years ago. Is that true?
Btw, those last few tweets of mine were real spam sirens....
i believe the BR picnic knoll is next to the playgrounds, below that building w/the bathrooms
I never played that
@ AndreaRussett hello emily you can follow me, because you are no longer active in your old account
detention was funny as hell bro
Happing Right Now: San Diego lifeguards checking out a dolphin in distress north of Scripps Pier. The latest
how old were you when you met ? (:
So, are you like three? Your naivet<U+00E9> is no excuse. Newbie or senior guy it happened INSIDE #nbc. Nobody from outside. Inside job.
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway.
Tried to tell my friend I was a brony...ended up acting like I was faking it...
#Snow = don't want.
getting drunk at la cha with the best kids in btown.
#fact my real name is Anavahn. But I hate it.
Say somethin cos you're driving me crazy<3
Im 40 min early to my interview...sitting in my car counting the minutes
Who would you rather work for? The GSA for the perks or the Secret Service for the prostitutes? Be honest?
did u hear a perfect mess?
Houston looks awfully frustrated out there
I am not sure why Bogost requested that his talk not be streamed.
I was just bout to hit u up when I tweeted that!! Lol
So wanna go out..ugh
road-Fuji, mtn-Scott. My gf has a new Specialized racer that I covet. Not familiar with Look
hm.... *hands you a cinnabon*
Follow follow we are open haha lol jb follow me
Drop wut ur doing n watch it now
followed, follow back please? (:
you should tweet more often
No one is ever gonna love you more than I do.
Hey , d'you have a copy of _Femininity and Domination: Studies in the Phenomenology of Oppression_, by Sandra Lee Bartky?
Just from the smell of this elevator I could have ripped all his cloths off and had no second thoughts.
That is quite the beautiful sunset. Hope it brought relaxation and inspiration to you. How have you been? Hope you are doing well.
Anomie looks at the disjuncture between societal goals and legitimate means.
<U+201C>: "The Big Bang Theory" is the most watched television show in Canada.<U+201D> stupid canadians
I have a flu that has made me respect the flu.
lmfao omg look at ur asian high top fade w a creeper ass look on
on my way to this dumb ass school -_- Hopefully my day goes good.
"Shorter" not "Silver." "David Shorter" LOL. You must have been looking at my gray hair!
Goodnight World<3 :)
haha same here. :)
Good Morning! Back in town?
Sarah Phillips story is crazy. Trying to follow all the dialogue is like trying to follow Memento.
put up a new lighting fixture this morning, read 85 pages of a business book (The Balanced Scorecard), and listening to my iPod.
Beautiful day for a lunch food tour
seriously, i knew i always liked Bill Clinton
You can outsource a lot of web services overseas, but for #SEO #webcontent #writing, you NEED native speakers who are adept w/the language.
aww. What time is it now? Lol
Looking for my phone when its been in my hand the whole time
#WeirdFact I was born with a cartilage piercing. Literally BORN with a tiny hole on my cartilage.
": Long overdue. Say goodnight, Caps." Overdue.. U must mean after they put Bruins to bed? Lol.
I saw the pics you posted btw but goodnight!!!
I need to have a picture of all my friend at home.....I dont have shit except on the fridge!
It's longer later at the lowest highest point.
she just like the rest of em smh!
worthy in 2nd, cousins in 3rd...to who? No idea
Kansas City BBQ festival! My taste buds are poplin and the music is jumpin! Taking me back to my southern roots!!
Okay, really weird craving tonight...Candy Corn!
Can't wait to see our wedding singer on tonight! Be sure to watch
Yeah, definitely is a horrible day.
I'm convinced that's why #Rush went deaf...his own ears couldn't take it anymore.
I know it was an automated message but it still brightened my day
News Flash: Men are not the problem, what ur asking of them is where u screw it up!
Can't wait til they come here & just TORCH the table.
<U+201C>: I have an 8 AM exam. I'm sad.<U+201D> I feel you man
: Because we're drinking your #wine. At least, we are in Laurel Canyon.
By the way, I was out-of-town for a few days so I'm just catching up on new followers. Welcome!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 110
Right on! Success?
You should read these
Our protagonist & her daughter Angel are enroute to Mexico. We left off at the border crossing.
man I'm sleepy as fuck!
Merry Christmas! I am counting my blessings tonight. God Bless!
thanks!! She will be I think she's just having a hard time adjusting to the insulin. As for me sinus infection :(
Andre Iguodala. Wow that was cold blooded.
Heard there's a new show coming out on March 5th at 5:00pm on Fox Kasa 2 -
Yeah- I thought it was a spoof, but apparently she's dead serious.
haha thats not hard to spell those right
Joe: "For some reason I still have to take a class that's writing intensive." Rammel: "Can't you just tell them who you are?"
- Take Care . . . this is one song that even the radio can't kill.
thanks for the mention I truly appreciate it! Welcome to the wonderful world of social marketing/media!
Origin of Walker Hendrickson #right-to-work video, Documentary about #Janesville,Wisconsin. #371 Productions of Wisconsin...
that's what I like to hear
8pm coffee? Ah, to be young again
I'll watch the highlights tonight. I can't believe this..
Purchase a 20 pack of single private pilates classes for $700. Reg. price $900. Offer good until noon today. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
nah they're wicked drunnk hahaha
Thanks! <U+201C>: "Data shows that 60% of the services we provide are In a language other than English." #RaceAndHealth<U+201D>
Been living under a rock for a few weeks. Has there been any LeBron James news lately? Ah, screw it. We all know he'll sign with the Knicks.
Don't picture yourself in a Nike commercial, Be the friggin Nike Commercial! JUST DO IT!
I never thought id live to see the day you retweeted something from Justin Bieber :)
... Bavarian Grill, The Fillmore Pub, Twisted Root Burger, Vickery Park, Dukes Original Roadhouse, Jasper's, Mama's Daughter's Diner
watch a movie like blow, smoke more or come over and ill punch u in the neck plate ....
Awesome! Congrats to you and Louis. Seems like yesterday when I coached him in LL baseball.
Thanks for the follow Stand For c<U+0313><U+0259>sna<U+0294><U+0259>m (cusnaum)! :)
Lakers. Clippers. Nice to have the NBA back.
Burning the bottom of your feet when walking outside to take out the trash.
hot dogs for breakfast???they're kosher
Love the "I like big books and I cannot lie" idea. 2 more awesome big books, The Historian and The Passage.
I need to get back to the DMV
Shake and bake time at Las Vegas Motor Speedway!
no problem! You deserve it!!!! <333
RT Boy niggas ride so much dick these days they dont leave none for the broads to ride. Smh.
I<U+2019>m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I<U+2019>m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
I know right? SO close, so beautiful.
"The world is waiting for your invention!" <U+2014>Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
SO excited to announce will sponsor our New Years Eve race! Thankful for their support, can't wait for this event!!
Today I loaned your book to a friend and another one downloaded it on her Kindle!
Keys for me are education @ my child's rights under #IDEA, #advocacy and I write a lot!
sit that wet pussy on my face
I can play that game better. For 4 days I didn't even look at him I can tell already tell he knows now that shit won't work
": i always imagine what i would do if austin walked into the room right now." i do that in every single on of my classes:-)
Text me so I can save your number! o.O
Losing an hour of sleep. smh
Y when I see my crush pass by I freak out and not be myself?? Any advice??
- that, like, ANYWHERE in L.A. It sparked my mother and I talking about how big of a toolbox the guy is. Bonding time!
B4 fans spoke up, Knicks vs Heat game looked more like a funeral than an NBA Playoff game. Now, they're ballin with "ganas" (desire)
<U+201C> Bacon is bacon eggs are eggs.Dont let a guy get between ur legs.He says ur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later he says its not mine.<U+201D>
RT : Come on in and enjoy our delicious brunch, we'll be serving it until 2!
Agreed! I hope more schools open to tech. that can create learning opportunities and connections around the world!
FRIDAY, FRIDAY, GONNA GET KILLED ON FRIDAY.
Hey Craig...Thanks for the call today! My email is . Looking forward to following your story. Congrats!
lol just let me know and ill napalm a bitch xP its good and you?
Smuggled in a crate of hockey sticks from Canada!
Wondering when to have a meeting about the upcoming school auction... would next Thursday work? We need donations to start coming in soon!
Srsly great art by NEW Miguel Calder<U+00F3>n at Rochester Art Center tonight. Seen "Royal Tennebaums"? You've seen his work.
Thanks for covering our DAM API Release . We'll have plenty of exciting news this year, this is just the start!
#EarthDay poll: Does the price of gas and energy affect your consumption? Does it make you greener when energy is more expensive?
Learning a new engine brings waves of nostalgia for my Quake/Quake 2 modding days.
I am, however, willing to be convinced otherwise.
Great morning. Great day to get better isn't it?
GOOD LUCK ASIA. YOU GOT THIS.
but I made the mistake of mentioning this online, and my women social-media friends NEVER let me live it down. #woodenboxes 2/2
#nowplaying the gorillas-plastic beach
Is it odd I'm baby sitting on a school night? I think so... Why are da RENTZ and friends out at MIM on a Wednesday?!?
He can fuck you good, but I can fuck you betta. ;*
MT : Even Walker's cooked-up jobs numbers show WI job growth down once Act 10 & Walker budget became law
So I asked the guy: "why are you so fly?" And he said: "funky cold madena"
Cannot sleep. I gotta get off of twitter
This lil girl is too funny.
Report: Josh Smith Sprained His Left Knee
Dear mother, If you was attacked by a dozen ninjas wearing crotchless panties, I'd fight them, I'd fight them hard. Hahah
Hey, thanks! You'd be surprised, man. I wish they'd have at least tried to make the flyer look, um, decent at least.
Interested, ? RT : Who ever my 500k follower is can have a threesome with lady Gaga and yours truly
And the noise issue in my apartment won't easily be fixed. Ugh! Ordinances, owners, tenants. Mess.
Until now, that is.
inflight on flight is so slow can not watch video...but I can #rant via
Okay everyone tune into the Presidents address to congress, especially my generation. # Yes we can, cant wait till Election time.
Bridal Show at Lake Natoma Inn Folsom on August 28th dm for FREE tickets!!
DON'T FORGET... we are vending at the AHS pet parade in Atlantic Station this Saturday, April 21st 9-1..SEE YOU THERE!!
Things are fantastic....um how does someone not love MAC!?
I could kick my own butt for being on the couch. None of the half marathoners look like they are in shape.
I know right?!
Oh Mrs. June, quit staring at me and smiling
Dark Shadows cost $150m!!!! Bomb a bomb bomb!
ITS ALWAYS MY GOD DAMN FAULT. EVERYTHING!
Question: Which US colleges or universities offer excellent programs in web design, web dev, or digital media?
<U+201C>: Simple fact is: WHO GIVES A FUCK. Does it make you dance? YUP. Then it's Dance Music :) #dancepartyoverthere<U+201D> so true
Hey hope new job is great! Thanks for all the luv for #IntelIT on twitter
And guess who has a board meeting today? Perfect timing. I plan on conducting all business on twitter today.
Agree! --> Look at #CRM as a tool that contains firm assets - contains direct insight to customers and leadership support. cc'
RT : Today @ Plant Zero it's ! #Rva Craft Mafia's best. And since you're near Shockoe, hit too!
We truly appreciate the post, Lynn! Thanks for spreading the word about
This book posits that our maps no longer resemble the topography in our changing world. It has said this once a paragraph for 150 pages.
hey, how are you doin?? IF YOU WANT check our music out, I promise you might like it :) let us know!
haha I got this scheer I got this
Can't wait for lunch so I can be with my friends :-)
Former University of Maryland star. RT : Justin Maxwell has been designated for assignment by the Yankees.
Digging deep into the Edge Initiative's public access technology #benchmarks and finding libraries that rock each one.
This will work as much as #UN Peacekeeping mission. Zombie outbreaks in the developing world.
Not quite... keep trying :)
Saw a murder scene on the way home. Just heard gun shots
When I met you my heart slipped a beat roses werent red violets werent blue all because I fell im love wit you folow me<3
<U+201C>: Huge! Victor Martinez tears ACL. If surgery, no season!<U+201D> $24/s1 in LOD for team Schtup. Catcher eligible?
So far #eduiconf slideshows range from 6 slides to 274 slides. Both for approx 1 hour time slots.
The Most Beautiful line is ". . .but, I love you". the most hurtful Line is " I love you, but . . ."
needs to text me like now
It's so hot outside
Hope everyone is ready for my show on Monday. 8pm Cid in Silverlake. This place is awesome. You will have a really fun time.
Dropping off taxes at the Midway post office? Stop by and join Lori's Tax Day rally in support of the middle class, financial transparency.
But yet so cute. quit hating .
4hrs sleep, taco truck lunch, 8+ hrs of production. Must be the
yeah very true, records the same, Hornets still a better name
First try vocabsushi.com w/code "ilovevocab" -$10off RT : Can someone tell me if getting the #GRE #vocab flash cards were worth it? :)
Yesterday, I signed up for "social news" on Huffington Post; I don't really know what it is, but its like facebook for news junkies.
Only goodness and faithful love will pursue me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD as long as I live...
AP tests. Yay.
The only good thing about the parade of champions were the pompoms lol.
Spending the day at the Family Farmed EXPO. Learned about using whole animals. Next up is urban farming, then preserving the bounty.
Gym Bound in the AM ; Goodnight Tweetie Birds :-) :-) :-)
#20ThingsAboutMe I am a HUGE Supporter of St.Jude
our forwards don't block shots remember.
It's National #SalvationArmy Week! You're helping save lives by shopping at your local family thrift store. Good items at great deals!
Wish I were there, too, but at least has promised to convey all he learns to me.
goes on more dates with than I do!
Going to go die my hurrrrrrr.
Bored,bored,and more bored.i wish that certain someone would call me.
omg Jaymie. How come idk what's going on in your life anymore.! This scared the crap out of me! I hope you get better! <3you and(c)
Steel cut oats and #romandie? Don't mind if I do.
RT : Charity serving their 6 millionth meal today at lunch time. WOW. Let's get a round of applause!!
When my mom doesn't cook me anything -.-
m. Fresh, homemade Pear Cobbler just out of the oven! Hurry in and grab a piece a la mode with some Anodyne coffee :)
I gotta teach u a thing or two ! All These females are worried about is getting fuck!")
furthest thing from a racist kid.
Better results (Merrill &Morgan): #waal2012 everyone needs to be a researcher because data has to inform our work
Early good morning all. Very often following your Passion demands a sleep sacrifice.
So those cops that killed that retired Marine was cleared by a GJ. Only in A-merry-ca.
I hope I never lose you...
trying to motivate for scanning new 120 negs fresh from the holga. maybe i'll grab a bite of breakfast first. yeah, yeah it's 11. so sue me.
Thank you! It's still a work in progress, but we're getting there! :D
tweet us when you get here and take a picture from a birds eye view!
We Are the Ship, Miracle's Boys, anything by Laura Ingalls Wilder, Copper Sun, anything by Mike Lupica (sports & youth)
I think about last night we so damn freaks lol
We've got the Eric Jacobson Quartet in the house tonight at 7:30. This great, all-ages, no-cover show should not be missed!
holy jamoly that's crazy.!!!!!! We were so cute.!!!
I rather be performing instead of being in class ugh. #Riley .LIVE ReaL
of course! Matt was wondering why I wanted to take him to dinner this weekend...because I'm HAPPY!
I do not know how that idiot even has a show
New episode of #tabletop features a game I own. We can play along, tonight just got much funner.
Fans, unless you have MLB.TV, you can't see this game, so keep on watching morning news!
That sounds yummy too!
so what are you using now?
Well I was hoping to move Fanfest to Sunday at 3ish, but after that the agenda looks empty Glen.
Tanks bro. When you at dece Mallory gonna be here?
OTDIBH would be 100% more awesome if you included photos/videos.
. Are you ready for a #VAGOP take-over of the Senate? We can do it TODAY with your vote
We see support for biological theories today in psychobiology, which looks at DNA, environment, nutrition, hormones...chemistry.
that sick! ima share it
A deer head in your modern style condo would be quite the statement. I can respect that! :)
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
We have big Texas-size shoes to fill! :) [cc ]
OK, grades done and up on BB. Now to celebrate!
What is success to me? Kids that are
An otherwise normal photo that has been ruined or spoiled by someone who was not supposed to be in the photograph. :D lol
you were a total winner of best night ever. I was in bed by 9 last night, day drinking got the best of me. Whoops
8pm sunset? You guys are bringing me down. Can we get some nice baseball weather tonite and tom. to compensate?
Kit Hoover & Billy Bush are fantastic together. Beadle should do nights w/ Mario Lopez & dump horsefaced Aussie
Wow, jwow is the best friend in the world
oh $(aspell), you're the only spellcheck I need.
They are like the greatest things eva!!---Brings out my Fratty self hahaha they look great
All graphic design from us, websites to flyers and everything in-between are on sale 30% off. Email
lol im not a jerk punk
Love is the hidden message within all fear and pain, no matter how horrible they make you feel.
pick me! pick me! I really wanna go! Please!
Things Fall Apart.
If you thought you looked cute when you walked out your house , uhm think again.
leaving for san fran to see my family in a few hours. so excited i can hardly sit still.
Feel me tho??
Well if you ever need a writer to come down there, maybe help with your marketing or something, I'm your woman! :-)
Put gas in the car for the first rime since January.
Got a good look at what it's like to be #backstage today
Cheap nigga if you was liqor I'd probably throw ya ass up!
are you going to the party at The Loft?
": For those asking, yes, Jimmy Smith and Cary Williams are the Ravens' starting cornerbacks for Sunday."
iight see you soon baby girl
Are you going to watch the Oscars tonight?
Hello Riverbend Retreat Center! Ready to rock with the Rhea's Mill students tonight!!!
. get use to it, cuz you're working the door at all my shows now.
Burnett gives Jay Hay the shaving cream pie to the face.
I hope not! RT : Are companies who use Google + well, do they also send the same messaging out thru other social venues?
Hope our captain, Lucy Keith, had a great birthday today! She turned 22!
Too much chocolate .
Any time, Kidwell. I'm always happy to call you a spaz. :)
Working on a social software literacy conference proposal
Do you guys have business pages on FB?
three more effin days!!
RT : The official Twitter ID & Hashtag of the SLA 2012 Annual Conference & INFO-EXPO is &
Syrian opposition gathers in Turkey
"The ides of March are come", "Ay Ceasar, but not gone"
Enjoy! I want a report of the strangest/most NASCAR thing you witness.
definitely a night owl... I love to stay up late... Which are you?
there are thousands of people all trying to win, it's not gonna be easy. But someone has to win, so keep trying.
yo munchkin!...how r ya?
I want chicken
Consider yourself in on these q's. Not requ'd to be part of #fycchat. As I was writing, I realized who might still be online.
"I love Monday mornings!" -said no one ever.
#KALE also provides #glucosinolates, which have been shown to #prevent colon, breast, bladder, prostate, ovarian cancers, & #gastric cancer.
What about Amazon music? Can I get it there too?
Of all the times I want to be alone, now isn't one of them. Needing a big hug :(
Hope it<U+2019>s not a time mgmt. class. PRT MOTHER OF FUCK! Class late again & missed the bus. Fuck this shit, Im take'n a Zipcar!
hm. hard to believe that would be abused, but I can see why it would be scary
Waiting for Cavo in the lobby of Project 961.
My boyfriend treats me like the fucking goddess I am.
Last night was the perfect intro to summer
Thanks and Likewise! :)
Erin Burnett is Walter Cronkite compared to Piers Morgan.
Hey hope you enjoyed your half day today.
Nick Nolte trying to pull off a Jack Nicholson with the shades #OTRC Sorry dude...
Y u ask me that
Agreed. RT : Judging more applications. The breadth of innovation is inspiring! #Startups rock.
Sounds like a good time! Isn't Portland fun?
I thought everyone knew what minesweeper was... at least anyone who has used Windows '95
MUST<U+2605><U+2606>Follow Congrats on the wedded bliss!!!
Order sent to Ethan in MI!
Welcome to Twitter! I"m a fan of your blog :)
Lovely running into and at last night!
You may need more than that RT : Watching "The Interrupters" Its about the crime in the ghetto of Chicago. I need subtitles lmao
Really are you serious your not alone I've told you this before just because I'm getting my shit together docent mean I'm not here for you !
COME TO ARUBA!
good morning Artie xo
I am impressed about how easy it is to "assemble" Social Media Monitoring Dashboards with new version of Presto
your tweets are great.(:
The Barbasol commercial on NBC Sports was quite possibly the worst commercial I've ever seen.
Aha too bad c:<
So much shit to do. Sat down for one sec, started watching Something Like a Business and now I'm glued to this hilarity!
Thanks Tony...
OMg tumblr why do you have to be so stupid right now.
yeah. It was pretty disgusting. I have lots to tell you.
Dinner at #bratfest tonight. M brats!
I agree Cynthia, fight for your man! Everybody has ups and downs.
tell I said hello!
yes! feel better soon :)
was that an clover that #sjp was sporting in sex in the city 2?!
lol I know right?! Oh and devil in a new dress needs to be playing in the background!:p
"what the heck" (as the babies would say)
Idk why, but I'm just not into make-up. I don't see what the hype is all about; I feel kind of un-girly when it comes to that but OH WELL!
follow me lol since we gonna b friends im not holding back now ya know ur gonna see me UNCENSORED!! U cool with this?
Thanks! Will add those to our list....
I hate seeing these knee injuries! Why so many this year?
amen, sister!
Saw my former co-worker, the one and only , dropped a #SnarkLife on Twitter. Not sure if I'm proud or scared it's spreading.
That might have been my last concert at the Masquerade ever...
oh IRB, such a love-hate relationship...
You did an awesome job on your mom's cd God Is Everything To Me
ya, had a brain fart lol
Post high school learning considerations going international, suggesting new mash up concept: "creative class brain drain."
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
S/O to my nigga
nice usage of the word "whom" in that last post! Go A's!
the mock mission sucked
Tomorrow its official e.v.a. pro.records signs 3 new artist! Who are they?.......... Find out tomorrow.
I thought the pick was going all the way.
My pops just said "Give me moment fucking please" but it sounded so funny cause used that's Cuban English! Lol.
For my birthday this year(aug) imma b at ur concert. Theres no better way to spend my bday :)
Thanks to the Madison Chapter of the Association of Women in Communications for inviting me to present on Sun Prairie's Project 365 blog!
Can't wait to see you!!!!
Not the best night to be a fan of Cuse basketball, RIT hockey and the Knicks
Did you go anywhere for the holiday? Share your vacation with us . . . .
Watching uconn with chris murphy and Joe Courtney. Still rather be in CT tonight...
A pair of Juniors recently won the 18's USTA National Championships. Congrats and !
Spring Break = Homework?
just like ya momma
I need a new phone!!!!
not really, lol. only if i like, speed walk. but i almost do a face plant in the stairs everytime.
lol then y good luck?
playing catch up / dl'ing old ones now!!
Knock on wood, however, because that's a big if.
So far five people are going including me. Hope more of you can make it! x
Ha! Maybe getting inspired for a custom line of simple Amish furniture.
aight imma hold u to it
Don<U+2019>t run too many miles too slow. Running slow, teaches your body to...run slow! Instead run fewer, faster miles.
May I request Defying Gravity :P
Just spent an hour playing with Good stuff. Can't wait for the facebook integration.
I called it! It is now snowing here!
Walla Walla Onion Rings now in season .
Ah the glory years. For now I'll just settle for the playoffs.
I have a lot of friends here who are Beachbody coaches. Those of you who are coaches, what is your favorite part of being a coach?
Making 'kraut now RT : saurkraut one is interesting - makes me want to eat more kimchi & banchan!
Holy moly! Hailing HARD!
when I meet Austin: "hey I just met you & this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe ;)"
Headed off to Johnson Trail in #DeathValley #NationalPark today.
Please Follow Back (: ILY So much ..
you would like that tweet...lol.
Love this: "I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution." Werner Braun
this one's not a secret ;-)
nothing says devoted like spending 40 + nights at a ballpark without your husband or kids... Perception is reality Front Row
Finally, a good workout after being sick!
"Who wants that honey. Let me out!"
thanks man, it was an ordeal but everything worked out well in the end. :)
Still waiting...
nope, but I like it!!!
Tips:DON'T give out your Social Security number unless it is absolutely necessary, DESTROY any unwanted credit card offers.This A1 Shredding
'Bout To Start Working On A New Piece(:
We're not social workers, that's not our job, our job is to figure what social workers need in software.
I'm in Alexandria VA
Don't know if I can do this job too much for me
hahahahaah im weak, some kid at my school said he "KNOWS" he can rap better than Waka Flocka....... *crickets*
Looks like a full house for the #VMwarePEX general session
thanks for sharing your conference plan - i'm looking forward to The Future of Museum Educators
Happy Birthday Homeboy!!! I hope your day is a winner!!!!
The vocabulary of the average person consists of 5,000 to 6,000 words.
Note to Pens/Flyers: Someone score I want the Blues game on VS, thank you
The customer service dept is I believe and that money was bills so it fuckin sucks.
You were trying so hard you were sweating ;) ps. I had to sound out that hashtag #kingofhashtags Rematch with real rules?
"i owe you from the thing with the guy in the place" "i'd never been to belize"
Nothing empowers a team more than the belief that they are valued by their leader.
It's really too bad that they don't use urns to store acid.....
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
I have to say that I'm totally digging this stretch of Pacific NW-esque rainy, cool, and damp weather that has settled in on Charlottesville
He felt about books as doctors feel about medicines, or managers about plays - cynical, but hopeful.
CHECK MY music out on www.youtube.com SEARCH young mantra
The best advice is not that which tells you what to do rather the one that makes you realize you already had the solution for your problem.
You were cute. Until I go to know you.
Nope Haha! But Ive Heard Of It
Hi Stacy, Thanks for the heads up on my account being hacked. i hope we've corrected it. Thanks you
How about a big hand for everyone! Thanks for keeping us informed from the inside, it meant a lot to those tuning in!
Scott Simon will now receive a flurry of tweets with names of other oddly monikered 'sconnie towns. Waunakee, anyone?
I always wondered what it would be like to live in a sauna.
Now I'll actually have time for a job! Yuh!
just started TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME so can't say much, but it's looking good
One more hour.
No pain in my cervical spine, first time in 19 years. Thanks to
mahn!! this summer is almost over.. no more sleeping in ! but this summer was fun:)
hopefully for spring finals I'll get to study at instead.
Worst. Day. Ever! Gonna try and go to sleep. Goodnight mahomies ~Maddie
Conan, what is best in life?! To lie in a hammock, reading esoteric pseudo-biographies of disgraced Republican Presidents!
What's your favorite type of Motorcycle Helmet? Cast your vote in our poll today!
Worn out.. I spent all day doing pushups and chopping down trees with an axe for a music video shoot haha!
Thanks sweetie for the #FS :)
Snow showers in DC Sunday...waaaaattt?!?!?! Dreaming of a White Christmas
Stop creating your drama
I think it's time for a change...
I'll ditto 's welcome to Seattle message! Look fwd to hearing your preso at #RaganMSFT :)
Or a TEDxOhShutUp ?
Been shopping for Halloween costumes for the kids. Kind of sad how many astronaut costumes are on clearance.
Good morning babies.!! One again woke me up
anyone looking for a facebook design or a twitter design call this guy he did mine and wow its great and 129.00 is cheap, looks
Agreed RT Touring the festival circuit w/a film is 1 of the most rewarding experiences 4 an actor :-)
Anchoring tonight! I'm sure you have plans on your Saturday night, but if not! Watch at 11pm
There has never been a better time to start. Today is it. What are you waiting for? Go.
KDs shoes are going to blow up when he wins a championship
Oh, interesting! I've only seen two episodes so far (can't get the rest to work yet).
Nordstrand pickups are very very good!...check them out! the "big singles " are fantastic!
Great shot. Keep up the good work.
I just saw highlights of #HarlemGlobetrotters at Verizon. Our own playing! Takes a shot from #downtown! Video on News4 at 6.
Putting the final touches on the 2012 #apufringe application. Stay tuned & Pass the word.
oh me too! I'm so behind!
Seriously? You'll be there forever...
Amazing rescue!
our friends @ FOC are doing psych study & looking 4 stage 4 liver cancer or stomach cancer pts/CG's (NOT drug trial)
Just got back from watching Coraline at the movies, it was so worth the extra price for it being in 3D. Now I need to read the book.
Mr Bolling my hero. PLEASE get this massive power grab out in the open. THANK YOU 4 being there!
Who got to play the #diablo3 beta this past weekend? What did you think?
Right b4 God is about 2 do something big in & thru u-seems like the sky is falling but it's really that u r bout 2 BLOW UP!
We would! Still coming there tho RT : of i could spend summer with my boy we would get up too so much funny stuff!
Note to self. People walking through NYC with ashy crosses on their heads are not zombies.
it's not hard... just type in what you're doing. if you want to "tweet" privately, first type "@" then their username.
Heading back to the D from WA... The last time I ever have to say bye to my love. Next time we see eachother it will be forever!!!:-)
What are you trying to do? Maybe I can help.
Dez Young Niccaz R PETRIFIED 2 Throw Punches. Dey Only Wanna Throw Bullets.
": My mother is a retired teacher watching with great concern"<< Mine is too, I have such high respect for them!!!
O I guess she follows me... o well I still will
Just acquired the space at 642 Virginia! Now the planning/painting/preparing begins. It's a wild and beautiful ride!
cool man we'll get that out in the mail to you today!
Completely agree. I'm just saying Tracy risked his best player by even sending Tulo out there.
is a good example. RT ": Some people's eyebrows are distracting"
Recommended gamble: Listen for some local hype, and attend a show of a band you've never heard<U+2014>go on hype alone.
It actually motivated me more. It was an intense match already, but that made it even more intense - Brandon Low
Are we "just friends?" Sometimes I wonder.
What a beautiful first day of spring, right?
Hubby has a roaring fire going and the Keurig is heating up so we can have hot apple ciders after we shovel! Inspiration to get it done.
Had a great time today! Hope to see you guys soon. Back to reality now. :(
ain't you suppose to be in school? Omg, not Mama Entin. Is it serious?
Whoever attempted the strong armed robbery at IUPUI's IT Building is stupid!! We got no cash!!!!
Happy Easter! May I enjoy McDonald's cokes again and may enjoy some parmesan cheese.
I was talking to multiple people wearing Nike Fuel bands. Dystopian fiction ain't got nuthin' on the present.
#liber1ll One to Matt Kibble, Proquest, on their excellent Early European Books product.
I'm ready for the week to begin..
Love movies make me want a better realtionship like theirs.
OMG RON AND SAM BACK 2 TOGETHER FINALLY LIFE IS GOOD AGAIN UR COMING TO CHICAGO THIS WEEKEND WHERE I LIVE BUT I CNT GO 2 THE CLUB
That would be awesome! #BarterTown!
With Instagram selling for $1B, I am once again confronted with the deflating reality that the economy values almost everything I don't.
i have failed!!!! will get better
People tweet the most irrelevant crap sometimes.
I want to help people start their week laughing! I'm going to post some of my fav/funny vids throughout today. Enjoy!
The Islanders sure know how to waste money on Goalies!
Who with authority can I contact? Or have them contact me? I'm an extremely unhappy customer.
You win! DM your address where we can mail the card. Thanks.
OMG! That would be so fun. Scotty beam me down to Larptopia Prime!
<U+201C>: The fact that & I are gonna start chilling more ><U+201D> <3 more bonding
"Turn my sorrow into treasured gold - You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you've sown." ::adele::rolling in the deep::
that makes sense I should've clicked on the link(;
#LMAO u wish this was #SPAM you dont have to be stupid just know this me and my people will be at level 50 plus...the day it releases
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much he cares about her, even after he's already got her.
agreed. pandering to a degree. i'd rather hear about it when interest rates are actually down.
Just laying in bed, watching Edward Scissorhands again hahahah good night :)
#NowPlaying: Tonight's The Night by
Knowing that one person will never change
Following & during the budget vote reminds me of listening to Cincinnati Reds play by play on AM radio in 80s
Oh Rondo!!!! He could have broken his arm!!! I hope hes ok :(
what torrent do you need bro?
Listening to some good tunes my brotha and getting the night started.
A THREE CAR GARAGE is your must-have in Chicago? GTFO, dumbass. I feel bad that she settled with Whiny McWhinypants.
Well good morning. What a fine day to start off by listening to Virtual Embrace. And Yes I must still post pictures and do other things.
a food babie?
Bill, Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan? www.imwithconan.com/petition Thanks
Mom quote of the day on the subject of family: "I feel like a referee at a WWF event in an insane asylum."
Shout out to you for the follow fam!
RT : Is it just me or is the biebs getting cuter w/age?-->ur right.wont b long til a milf gets her mitts on him&rox his sox
Oh, yes the SFSFF in July is on my calendar, too!
BE SURE to check out our track 'Seasons' on our EP. It features Daniel <U+00C4>del, a vocalist of a band you might be familiar with. thall
Thanks you sweetie <U+00AB>3.
my mom just admitted whenever she hears Call Me Maybe or Payphone on the radio she can't listen because is better #fyeah! <3
oh legacy culture / "heritage keepers", why do you give us so much heartburn? / cc:
Critics Say Gates's Anti-Polio Push Is Misdirected
How many receptions you got Welker getting in 2012?
Not really! xD
doh question mi :p
okk then :P
what has done to you?!
follow me please :-) <3
3 days left to take advantage of $25 Thai Acupressure for Orthopedic Disorders clinic treatments.
follow me ? Pleasee
Just watched your 2010 TED talk - loved it. "stories are data with a soul" will b very useful for me as I work with researchers.
and on the #TribeFest main stage. Neither considers themselves 'super jewish' but both are proud today!
Can it really be that easy to just step thru and into a different life. Yes It is that easy.Make the step!
Off to the second to last game of the season with & friends! Couldn't be a better night on the bay! :)
Great work on your community efforts & donating extra food
I want a snow come right now <U+0001F367>
back in indy
Well I stay up alittle but longer to see if we actually do talk but I guess not, I guess well talk next week..<U+0001F614>
I'm on for that before the month is over
We are recording in the studio all this week, so send us some love to check out in our downtime!
ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around
Very cool. Can you pick the voice for the 'Read-to-me" feature? James Earl Jones reading 'Dilbert' would be so sweet...
I love weddings -- just might be more challenging with a baby...
That makes it sound like you woke up and found yourself accidentally feeding a baby.
say hello to the pilgrims for me!
I hear you, I'm in Frisco with my son's AAU team for the weekend so I know your struggle!!!
Relay for Life
There may be a new style king on the Nats with JJ's arrival...
My dad did not like black women...he said they smelled like a hamster cage.
i have to get pastry shoes if i wanna meet cody :(
I love how you don't think your fatt :p I see defending his mcnuggetsss
this is a guy to follow... Interesting filmmaker! Todd Hicks WTMJ 4 Milwaukee.
iight i got you in the am. Im about to knock out lol
It is NOT Ariana Joan Grande. I don't know who you're talking about. It's Ariana Grande-Butera.
Thanks for the RT/shout out! :)
your photos in are stunning.
My first #ff my friend love her blog about life, family and jumping with your fingers crossed
You're a graphic designer, too? When I'm not writing shirts for Jomadado, I am a freelance graphic designer. Free shirt if you want
And I HOPE they don't think I wrote a salutatorian address, cos they definitely didn't tell me nothing.
I didn't know that Joss Whedon was involved - will definitely see it now! Did you see "Cabin in the Woods"?
Learning #TweetDeck thanks to Love it, but talk about #informationoverload!
Where you @?
Sounds great! Plus we all love beer ;-)
Need to paint my toes in the morning before I leave for school!
no I meant the Navarro thing
thank you just like daddy lol
I watch my daughter play soccer, and swear that I would be on all fours panting and crying after 1 period! Let alone a marathon!
#fridayreads Just started The Book of Salt by Monique Truong about Gertrude Stein's and Alice B. Toklas's gay Vietnamese cook.
Was Illinois secretly as good as Alabama last season? Guess this reconfirms Nick Saban better coach (and recruiter) than Ron Zook
#OffLine :P Dawn will be on her acct.
Boutta go walk baby! BABY T
I like dick and syrup for breakfast.
Working on some dope stuff for summer.
yeah, FB is the least friction, but definitely not best. I want real-time alerts of crimes block by block.
it is what it is tho
It may have completely been an oversight, but your drink already existed as 's NorCal Margarita.
We're back. Investigating now.
I've bee pn collecting since I was 6 yrs old, so 23 years now!
i know.! im not going too! #youtaughtmebetter !
dont act like you just didnt walk past me on purpose... plus why are u eating at ovids?
June 19th...right around the corner! ;) RT : How exciting! Can't wait to see pics and whn is she due?
Don't you hate when you have an itch one place, but then your body/brain starts and you get itchy EVERYWHERE. Ugh!
$2 games and $2 shoes at PEP Bowl. Score!
hahahhahahahahahahah omg I cant
Cimate change is real!!!!! It's no accident your state in burning.
I seriously just want to go on long drives and drink milkshakes and have you there with me.
": #SportingKC is 2-0 on April Fool's Day, outscoring their opponents 6-1 in those two games."
Inter Se => Between or among themselves
Three more days until National Train Day! is celebrating with a classic dining car dinner menu! ( #AllAboard)
Sleeping with my baby Daddy tonight aaayyyeeee hahahaha
Same to you Mrs. W
Who biked 9 miles, saw a giant garden snake, and has two thumbs? ;-)
The vitamin B6 found in black beans helps your body break down sugars and supports your nervous system.
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Martin Luther King Jr.
wow, thanks! it's a mutual admiration society, I like your writings!
GOOD FOR THEM!! Very inappropriate threatening people in TV? Don't they have a better inadequacy or code of Ethics??
The only man who succeeds is the man who is progressively realizing a worthy ideal. - Earl Nightingale
You're welcome! Thanks for having us.
If you haven't tried Pretzilla yet, you must! They are so good and so perfect withaca the a brew! # mkefirkin
lol I know {:
your arguments on the transferring matter are ridiculous.
The way I just took this shit and did my nigga's toilet dirty was just too disrespectful. Smh.
Cookies, brownies and cupcakes, oh my! Delta Sigma Pi is having a bake sale right now, right on the patio outside LTB 1115
You are finding and exploiting every fucking way to piss me off today.
amazing music!
thanks, looking forward to it!
Equally disappointed :-(
Jhawks cleaned up on Big 12 awards
I may or may not write a song today. It may or may not be in Spanish.
and I will be there! Looking forward to it. (cc: )
I need to go lipstick shopping at
Todays going 2b 52<U+00B0>F ~ Not bad for a February! #Ride on, friends!
m sounds good! Save me a piece.
shut up Wiley
Thanks so much for the response - I'll check those resources. Best wishes!
Thought I had to test today. Turns out I don't.
College campuses need napping rooms.
The ratio is off! You need two more apples.
Hope all of our seniors are excited about Senior Week 2011!! Tonight: Riverboat Casino Party!
It's not social *media*, it's *social* media.
i messed up.
We're so excited, but sad to say goodbye to u & RT : Can't wait for lunch at with the team!
And it still stank in here!
go Hurons....er
RT : Bloggers @ #g2b12 receiving cookware from ! Post pics! We want to see what u pick out! <-- something PURPLE!
When its looking sunny these niggas rain on you
KG. Hoop and harm. First C's hoop in over 5 minutes.
mom just asked where the bag of pita chips were
Taking my kids to a Cody Simpson concert tomorrow night. Do I get "Dad of the Decade" points for that?
You should read the They gave me free tickets to Dave Matthews Band just for reading. Pretty sweet!
Awesome! Just wanted to wish you 'Good Luck!'.
Yes. Go! RT : Srsly what is the protocol when someone you don't even like to follow gets arrested for dumb stuff? Do yo
after that skep show, i will gladly stay single forever..... <U+0001F44E>
I need to get away for awhile. Oklahoma? <3 I'll probably just leave everything and everyone here. and forget the world.
Merry Christmas Eve <3
don't you mean skinny fat ass?
Ugly Sweater Party tonight @ 9pm! Big Prizes, Live Dj, free food at Midnight!
I'm still looking for a job,
Basically her dad admitted that he had ZERO remorse because the lives he took had NO VALUE to him.
Teh wife may be bringing home a #Prius shortly!
He's hearing a case (this week or maybe next?) with regards to the NFL bounty stuff. I'd say he's keeping busy.
I'm not too happy right now! Times like this make me thankful that I'm not a mother just yet.
Good for you, Brian!
Thanks!! I am soo excited for you to see them on your birthday!!! It will be awesome!!
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH . 1 Page Themes Page T
your tweets are always so clever and I'm jealous.
There's a link on that blog to the Twitter chat room -- you can see the interaction on it but tweets will go live on your profile.
Facebook just gets creepier and creepier.
Are you at the studios today? Haven't seen you in months!!
WHAT ABOUT ME???? Losers....except mom lol
We can't. We have rehearsal. (:
Thanks for letting us know!
RT : Real encouragement is reminding someone how far they've come not how far they have to go.
Can you parallel park a live truck? I can!
Decisions, decisions...I think this is the hardest decision I've had to make in the past, 10 months or so.
FORGIVE ME :')
Molly Shannon is my hero
WHAT!?x
Healty diet of weed, water and wonderful experiences!!!!!!
Caden have you got any crazy text yet?
#himym catch up
are dead from last night I'm the only guy in my room up and ready to do it all over again!!
I should follow more people :) (:
today, yesterday ... RW bullies are getting their just desserts.
MAXIM with Awesome. What about royalities?
Morning twitter fam
hangover 2 duh! Not bridesmaids
really enjoyed your story on Fun to watch him dominate 2nd team All Big 12 beast, Zach Hanson, in the Cotton Bowl.
Get yo ass to tonight!
Rondo just might be the best point guard in the league after DRose.
That prank was almost as good as the class of 2010s....
I need a fuckin job <U+0001F601>
don't. Ever. Leave. The. Airport. Wtf..... Stuck on the Tarmac for four hours now.
do you think I could beat Gutz with his comic book/misc comic stuff collection?
The spanish Aragon white wine (2010) is aptly named Bitch - it is a serious Bitch to my taste buds
u still going later
is publishing inspirational book "True Thoughts From Up Above." It will be out in Oct. on Lulu.com, amazon.com, & barnesnoble.com
him and the cheese, Travis Henry...best duo ever
what's wrong with your husband tonight ?
What did I ever do to piss you off?
What is wrong with these children of our future
Mitchell Johnson: &quot;Are You Going With Me?&quot; - Huffington Post (blog)
Same boat. Not great coffee, but good enough to make a statement.
Sounds interesting. Might be worth watching if nothing else is going on.
RT : Girls that seems or acts strong are the most sensitive of them all.
P-Funk is a great way to start your morning...
Haiti Babi up now - "knitting lives together" #SocEntWknd team with mission to provide knitting jobs for mothers to "keep families together"
Finalizing the edits for our new web series launching on AOL May 20... stay tuned!
M, no Santana, Rachel, Quinn, Finn, Kurt, Mercedes, Puck and practically all of the Glee Club is leaving and YET you want a Season 4.?!
If you haven't been down to the Museum's Monster Mash yet, you still have time. Our next 'hair-raising story' will be read at 1:15.
Thanks, Chris--hope you're well!
i cant watch this lakers game anymore!
Congrats on a job well WON
Their life or their backpack? Lol.
<U+201C>: Its been 10 years since I put out 50cent is the future. So I'm putting out the BIG 10 next week 10 smoking hot tracks #SK<U+201D>
Able to get jack?
im off work no waitin on this girl to hurry up and get here cuz i got things to do..so hurry up and stop tweetin
#truth ": Toddlers and Tiaras is sickening!"
i think i'm gona get a snack and take a nap soon. xP
haha life celebration! I love it!!
even tho its MY party day i got a surprise for u....(;
Please follow me so I can reply to ur mes...
+ I will be there for Jordan: : Who wants to see come root on #mavs fan Jordan Spieth this weekend at the
Who's Ready for a Texas Cheese Steak Feast? It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!
Recently found an obsession with #NP Hypnotico <U+0001F3B6>
movie night? after the playoffs of course. sup knox?
Poor #Sherrod. We'll miss you :'(
Heading to Spirit Rock for a full day of meditation and hiking with the fam.. Happy hippie mothers day!
too true. Got the macho fries on!!
How nice of reporters to use FUD when discussing nuclear reactors and emotional language to manipulate the discussion.
DUDE! YOU MESSED UP MY NAIL POLISH!!!<U+E059><U+E00D>
I've read data that only 1-2% of 'ads' results in direct commerce; 7-10% of items listed for sale actually "sell".
#TimeMag cover. That's how Robert Conrad and Michael Dunn should've posed to promote 'The Wild, Wild West' on CBS.
So there is like no point going to sleep. Guess coffee is the way to go
RFT ": If you really knew me, you'd know that the Food Network is my favorite channel"
Didnt make enough coffee to fill my cup. I mustve measured at the top of the meniscus instead of the bottom of the meniscus again. Dammit.
hi, I love you and you're perfect. Kbye<3
If u r a #nonprofit #board member willing to meet w #donors, ask questions & listen, then u r
At chiropractor on roller table listening to Asking Alexandria <3
Editing our new Green policy with pen and paper. I'm feeling a bit conflicted this morning.
Hospital Worker Caught Having Sex with Drunk & Unconscious Patient -
good and you ?
Weather will be NICE this weekend! I need to fit in some fun between all this work I need to do!
Bet i mite hit that then thx broRT Brooks YMCA out Gate Parkway got one, its free after 8 on a guest pass I think
how u been
it's really great that my server was hacked and now my website is gone #not :(
African Proverb Tell me who your friends are, so I can tell you who you are.
Format evolution requires new infrastructure. Ebook session. Porter
Please don't click any link from me via twitter if it says something about a "bad rumor". It's spam. Sorry!
I know you!! Thanks so much for the RT! :) More to come, I hope!
tonight was a full yellow moon with lights hitting sky. I felt fearless as I stared at it outside. Umm weird..but tonight is
Shake the haters off! The rest of us still love ya! Who cares what they say!
Do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you & they're stabbing it? No? How about now?
Born by pain die with pain
Got a good workout in..... Just made it back to the Loft finna cool for a min
You can't ask someone to respect you when you don't even respect yourself.
Done! She was an easy vote! So cute! Bring her in so we can say hi!
So, not to be random, but I really want to do Gymnastics and Dance.
I am not funny and Michael Jackson is dead.
if I made u feel uncomfortable yesterday
Rockies creeping back, slashing 5-run deficit to two.
see.. #rude #mean #hurtful I take back my love you.
;( You need to come to the West Coast!! <33
Think you know your Pasco Co. facts? We're having a Pasco Trivia Challenge at 12 NOON! Winner gets a follow & shoutout from
Mr. Nice Watch your profile alone is one for the books. Thanks for following me today.
august, august, you are evaporating...
i know i say this every week, but this has seriously been the longest week
Saw a picture on tumblr of gummy bears being drowned in Smirnoff.... #MouthWatering :9
Brewers Win. 1st in the Division.
Did you just get them?? I'm still stuck in the virtual waiting room :(
In the deli
Geek night 2012 is coming back in Feb. This year we will have video games, prizes and so much more. Welcome back Geeks and Nerds!
not so giggly now huh?! :)
Polone: Hollywood's Most Important Phone Rule - Vulture
I like Nebraska buy 1 point , Ohio St. buy 1 -7 , Michigan to win buy 2 points take +3
The chips and soda underneath really cap off the shot
Happy (belated) birthday to Pete Hernandez! Anyone else have a birthday coming up?
Are you serious with that press conference outfit, Russell Westbrook? As Kevin Durant would say, "Man, that's messed up."
It is a beautiful day! Sad to think I spent it in school then at practice -_-
Michael made us pasta salad. I adore him for this. I really do.
random guy at the gas station: "you are gorgeous. beautiful. have a nice day." Thanks. have a nice day too
New Haven. Chugging forward!
Ten takeaways from the Sony Ericsson Open
Just watched princess n the frog! Great movie
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized. -Leo Buscaglia.
sounds like a Resolution!
Woo hoo! RT Had a wonderful meal here tonight. The slow roasted pork prime rib hit the spot! Excellent service & great food
true, the whole store is mess right now, the app search sucks monkey balls
ehh #whitegirlproblems the airport is always fun! Just people watch #likeacreep haha <U+0001F61D>
I am going 5 4 6 in the derby
Damn i havent smoke that smoke for one week, aint yall proud! Here's 2 drug free america lol
Strange hearts beat alone
Everyone wants maybe he should have been the finalist for his team.
that's a inside joke everyone, nobody freak out lol. he not dead foreal
I enjoy watching you play #callofduty when I do not get motion sickness.
Your welcome man. How much is the exclusive??
you have an inspiring #cancer story! What did u do for fun during your #treatment to keep such a great attitude?
ouch. Please becareful. He is prolly so xcited to see you, he may not be able to sleep tonight. :-)
Davy Jones died?! NO! I was the biggest Monkees fan as a kid- I had 13 imaginary bros named after the Monkees. SAD!
i got blue paint all over my white shirt fml
Glad to hear it!
Navigator Elite package includes a touch screen DVD-based navigation system, a rear seat DVD entertainment system with an eight inch screen
Short answer: No RT : "Could the pervasive power of TV be used to stimulate community dialogue and decision-making?"
Checking out the #dev #site now for #siide - few bugs but we're live on #Monday!
coates just scored a cracking goal....recommend you check it out
Im tellin ya DODGERS takin it all the way this year will be 50/50 and my next RECORD will go Platinum!
What an extremely expensive day I had!!! Tomorrow is going to be just as expensive. I just have to keep telling myself it's an investment
#ItsFunnyHow I'm trying so hard and yet you don't even care . <|3
not much of a game...a Kentucky win would really help my 10TV bracket
Just heard yet another New Pornographers song in a commercial. Had no idea they were such jingle writers.
La Bete with its rhymed verse and fraudulent clown Sat, St. Bart's book group today, and now I'm off to the Halloween parade and festivities
Who is winning Preakness tomorrow?
Volka was water an I was a duck I swimm to the bottem an never come up but volka not water an I'm not a duck so pour meva class an shut up
Thanks to everybody that came out to the Improv Gym last night! We crushed environment and spadework.
I'm listening to your song O. It relaxes me and I love the song
Had fun, now just waiting! :)
I am doing a church tour next month. Just in the Phoenix metro for now!
Happy Earth Day to all my people on the planet Earth!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Chipotle Dry Rub 4.56 / 5 Stars | 6 Reviews by Kristen "It's easy to make a smoky, flavorful rub for grilled mea
I'm hoping to have some really righteous stuff for
I hope so, but I'm not 100% sure. It depends on how long it takes to get the blanks in. Fingers crossed that I have mine by Friday.
John Hayes CMO AmEx: We overvalue the things we can measure and undervalue the things we can't.
agreed. Very ugly icons.
The Over is 8-0-4 in the last 12 meetings between the Bruins and Sabres
whats that on ur chin?? oh wait its ur other chin.. >>your mom is so fat she snacks in between snacks....
Gillian Clark: Are You There, Chef? It&#39;s Me, Menopause.
Happy Valentine's Day dear friends!!
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
I've picked a good brunch place for when you and are here. The staff is cute enough I'll ignore your hot husband.
It has a bruise which is a bump in the tire
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
Wish I could, but wrote that 3 years ago and didn't keep my research. Ironically, I don't remember what sources I used.
Check out , great for writers in social media.
Sounds like you had a good time!
You were looking for epic, right? Faily McFailfail is clearly more epic than simply McFail.
thank you!
On the 100th anniversary of Lucille Ball's birthday, her daughter is asking fans of the "I Love Lucy" star to be joyous.
Lmao. Its funny how u dont hear from people til they in need of something. U know i got three kids and doing this parenting thing on my own
sounds good!
Happy Birthday Beautiful Lady! I hope your special day is full of love and joy! :)
Thanks for your comment. What's the better question in your opinion?
i like to burp and sneeze on people
you're welcome! :)
Thank you for the re tweet
Marika our sound editor is on a roll. Sven's music is great, she says and by this time we should be complete. Talk about exciting!
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing that doesn't know of my existence and I sit here all day talking about him -___-
Let this be a lesson on trusting "gossip sites" as reliable sources of information.
So looking forward to the SECUSSA reception at #nafsa12. Um, okay it's not 2003...never mind!
Hey y'all you should follow for great insight, updates and inspiring family news
Sorry Henrietta, O.N.E. just set the bar too high for all other Yeasayer songs.
Someone should stab my stomach area. Probably would be less painful than these cramps. <U+0001F620><U+0001F52B>
People keep saying the spurs are old...are they watching the same game I am?
The fortune telling kind if 8ball? -- "You are most definitely high right now."
Just discovered that 3 of 6 items in my latest collage are from I've never ordered there. Have you? Dish.
a health care system controlled by private insurers cannot be sustained if it is to actually provide health care
I'll take the diamonds though.
Saw The Beautiful Truth documentary last night. Another amazing one--a must see! Not sure I want to go to the dentist again.
Stressing out so bad that I'm breaking out xDDD haha
In about 20 minutes I'll be giving away a Gift Certificate on 99.9FM V100!
My neck hurt
and you have nothing better to do then call me out on sharin my opinion. this didnt involve you. Bye
Michelle Trachtenberg in "Take Me Home Tonight" could do things to me that'd make me cry in the corner like a lil girl. And I'd let her.
Leaving my dads house heading home saw 4 deer outside just starring at me
just being put down for being a guy who likes ariana
Jaguar game :) good luck to all the players <3
Thanks but um... yeah. Look at how I have things playing out from here and... you'll know why I need some miracles to happen.
WILSON'S HOT TAMALES 15652 Euclid ave cleveland ,Ohio 216-249-2659PARTY AT RICHMOND&QUEENS SLICE BAR LOUNGE
Thank you, It's been good so far.
question - are you dudes going to the beach for memorial weekend?
yes sir he is
Say hi to Juan Pelota for me.
That Question He Asked Today Wuhhzz..... EVERYTHING
I'm in a good mood :D
tonight Elgins friends will walk in carson in a candlelight ceremony in honor of his activism...Turmont and avalon at 8pm
Most people either loved or hated movie "melancholia"...opinions? I loved it.
Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay", I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, "I know you're not"
I would advise that I be left alone
I know rite how old are you turnin
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people.
Wow lots of tweets about FP not Winnering today.
Cheers Matt
I can do that 4 u. Just let me know when is your event?
that is true lovin the Ohio weather
your welcome! hope you having a Happy New Year as well!
Orlando, FL from $469* INCLUDES 3 nights,Walt Disney World<U+00AE> Dolphin. FEATURES shuttle to Walt Disney World<U+00AE>, Sea World<U+00AE> & Universal...
Risk Revival is probably one of the most underrated indie records of all time. Existence & Rejoinder are my favorite songs of that year.
Back out on the #Bricks at 6:38 with some cooler weather today, but warmer weather soon!
happy birthday STUD.
"Shake that ass Watch ur self Shake that ass Show them Wat ur workin with" -kelly,13 Lmfao! Cause she is sexy and we all know it
I spent $83 on groceries today. But in my defense, I really wanted that diet Hansens.
So much info in last #GenieFair2012 session! Lots of records at US Citizenship & Immigration Services unavailable elsewhere.
yeah you can lol
Yes, Hollywood really makes me proud right now!
This drama between LA and N.O over is justified by both sides; CP3 wants to go and Stern is trying to keep the league talent balanced.
the new movie "drive" looks like a complete ripoff of the transporter
RT LOL : RT : Okay, here and ready to talk turkey :)
It takes all types of people to make up the world, it's not my place to impose my beliefs or opinions onto others.
The West is Killing!!! Kobe for MVP
well we still love u
Only in high school cross country...it was distance medley and I ran the anchor leg! I enjoyed it, very challenging!
Getting ready for my 6th Annual Walk from Cincinnati to Columbus. Theme is children's hunger.
When ur penis and your heart lead you to the same place you kno you've found love! Lmao
Just became the first game developer to play in #maddenbowl history. Thx and
All I want is to go I sleep and wake up next week.
My thoughts and prayers are with my sister and her Sigma Kappa sisters. Never take life for granted.
My fingernails go through hell during the #NHL playoffs. Go Caps!
My kids are very ready for school to end!
The day for what?
Um...maybe don't fail them? Just a suggestion.
Aye that's buckets baby, that's a time out Kobe did that boy too nasty wit that last jumper
I use to want to be a model.. I think I can rip the runway..
christian has better handwriting than me .. :o
Ok. So I'm going to put up lots of pics and RT!!!
Remember nobody is perfect; we all make bad decisions with the best intentions. We're only human.
They have the sample of #newtwitter up to try. Does anyone know when the new format will go into effect?
R&B singers, Rock Stars & Rapper tell your friends to follow I talk about sells in the industry "making money" facts
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. Nelson Mandela
Thanks for the mentions!
#NathanSmartFact he has one younger brother
I would LOVE to be the lucky one!
because they can put on their best face and pose and they know it's gonna come out somewhat descent.
My apologies if you received any spam tweets as our account was hacked and just reset our passwords. MAM5ive is back in 2012.
Shoutout to the BLACKBERRY USERS on my TL! They just keep quite. Lol
Amazed how some nights can end up. Don't know what to think. I think I need a good nap and though process tonight
I can be a real brat.. Don't make me sad
To those of us with a touch of insomnia - I never said sleep would come easy, but I do say it will be worth it.
he's in a gang. Actually he's probably in jail honestly
I love Messi but not more than Drogba
I've been in musicals my whole life LOL!! Have you seen Les Miserables up in Detroit?
Be sure to check out the interview oh Mike McBain on KOMP Las Vegas 630 to 700 am tomorrow. He will be talking about the Hoka Hey.
Lol yeah<U+201C> Can u talk this letlate??? Lies<U+201C>Some of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me! I run stuff! Aha shut up!<U+201D>
Thanks for following. I'd love to send you a copy of The Birthday Questions Think you'll like the idea.
After the third yolo im not taking u srsly.
Waiting in the RAIN for first SXSW film. New experience for me! :-) Hope we get in soon!
Sitting by the bay with the homies. Ready to catch some fish Tom
DMX goes in!
hey seniors, last week of school.
I want to see who is listed in US News' enginnering [sic] category.
Hi Susana, you have the most beautiful face I have ever seen on a woman Omg! remind me to hire you for an actress part! Lee
wishes everyone a very good nite #Smiles & #Hugs & #Love Yah's
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
got the beta last week... It's so great !!
Hahaha love ya gurl I mean, technically with the amount of work she's had done, her face IS new..."
Kind Of Sleepy !
....whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction.
Just like Hell.This bus is hot and crowded.
Happy Holidays and Happy Birthday to my son Marlon who is my X-Mas present every year, in 1993 I brought home my son on X-Mas day, Peace
working on floors all week, working evenings, better than taking rain days, I guess.
I have an essay 2 projects to finish a letter to write and 2 tests to take
I think those are UK only. We have the journals and the mugs with those covers.
my vote is for
Were my Toms wisely chosen? Only time will tell
It's a beautiful Monday morning here in CO! Certainly means that a great week is ahead! :)
Have about 40 more bows to make... make it stop. :)
Just got some new lyrics, let the writing begin! ;)
The game starts at 7:30, it's not even 4:30 and I'm already on my way to the arena lol
Existence in itself is beautiful.
im going to be by your side 24/7 i love youu<33
Sorry, know what that's like, worked a lot of the conference and most of my free time last yr. Hope u get more freedom!
#amwriting and making myself giggle. This means the stuff is great... or I've had too much coffee. :)
literally 30min ago??
Thanks for the comment. I will look into that with the cab company. We are working hard to improve taxi service in Baltimore
are you still on because #bring1dtoseattle is what's happening
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LOU <3
aw thanks .
Betty White is 89 years old..??? wow... we could all be so lucky... Go Betty
Just got duped. Don't believe the signs on hwy 85 in SC claiming there is a off exit 92.
Christine O'Donnell on Fox to talk gay marriage. To paraphrase Shep Smith, Fox News is now in the 16th century.
Had a terrible day at tryouts Hopefully they keep me.....
has a ridiculous case of ADD today.
Is your company needing room to grow & hire more people? Ask us how a move to Pasco could get your biz $3k - $5k per employee.
"All I buy is beer, liquor, and vegetables..." my roommate
I know right! Looking hotter as he is getting older. :) I'm looking forward to Hawkeye. I think it's just the archery ;)
Oh I am SO telling Cins about this! Thanks for edumacatin' me! :D
#NowPlaying <U+2013>Sted-E & Hybrid Heights <U+2013> The Chemical Brothers <U+2013> Song To The Siren (Hybrid Heights BTLG Remix)
hey what r u people during bored so message me or something
Hi Jennifer and good point. Nextdoor works to increase the real world interactions with your neighbors, not to replace them.
Who should we pick for our next Dance Group of the Week? Let us know!
alas, truer words have never been tweeted.
tried to recruit you a few years back..recognized your name right away, where did you end up after Broome?
ESPN NFL - Bucs involved in talks with Oregon coach Chip Kelly about head coaching job, sources report
Yesterdays Commercial, Interview and Photo shoot was a huge success!
You never want to be known as "that hairy chested chick"
GOING TO THE DODGERS GAME!!=D my birthday week begins NOW!
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired...
so happy dat vinny followed me..didnt think he would.. mood: shocked but happy:)
Looking for Carolinas IT contacts with large companies. My wife is looking for work as programmer/systems analyst/database person for mainf<U+2026>
Sounds lovely. May I join you? :)
sounds AWESOME! haha Moviegoers must be jealous.
Still on my much needed, EXTENDED vacation. I'll be back soon! Until then, all inquiries can be forwarded to:
This dude pays 3.5k a month for rent wtf
YOUR MUM!
Not sure we have KCLS's marketing ability for something like Take Time to Read, but maybe we could at least do Adult Winter Reading.
The RW24 is TODAY! Team Vice Squad is sponsored by CCR for the second year in a row. This year we mean business!
I used that as a way to get the toys I wanted or should I say the baby wanted! ;) you need jazz to add to that set.
the giants won
Yes I am !!!! Ive been eating wendys for 2 streight days D:
Good thing we don't have that Ramos guy.
-sup bruh my name cory. -how the fuck you get in my house cory ?? -i walked in.. duhh -who the fuck... who he talkin to, lemme get my gun!
Glad you and had a great time! We don<U+2019>t have another one scheduled yet, but we<U+2019>ll share details when we do.
I wasn't ready to go either so I agree with you
Moby Duck, My Korean Deli were good. Good Thief's Guide Amsterdam not bad. Wolf Hall fabulous. Readers add whole new dimension.
Def trying your Speedy Almond Berry Cake Fix (butter and flour free)...
I Know you do...i don't hate her...i just don't like her as much as i like other artists, but i like her music :]
FDA proposes phasing out antibiotics in farm animals
@ family fun center with all family, immediate and friends. Too much fun!
wanna text about it? might have to close my laptop for class.. :/
Time for 's word of the day! Inviscerate.
#theLabNYC Thx for the time today. will try to catch you next T/W? Plenty of SeeS.aw feedback.
Bailed out Government Motors now to build Cadillacs in... China. Yup.
Waiting at a bar for 45 minutes to get an order is just disrespectful. Thank God it's a Strip Club.
The Website Redesign Kitcontains a how-to video and instructional e-Book:
Now You Watch Your Mouth
Last night I dreamt that I met and I got to hug him I hope it comes true one day (: <U+2665>
And now it's pigeon vs. dog in the Sunday morning battle of the yawps.
Clippers dun came back, that came outta no where
exactly why you should head on over to fifth ave tomorrow night!
We love
Pattillo with the dunk...Jam leads the Energy 28-20 going into the second quarter
They drew your name as a winner at the closing. Said they would email you :D
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
Sneezed today when my mouth was full. AND FOR MY NEXT TRICK.....
Please FOLLOW me:D
but Im never content on what I have cause there is so much more
if they have an app that can find the closest open donut shop, that would be the one I'd get
have you had it with these motherfuckin' critics and there motherfuckin' computers?
Can't wait for Late Night with Jimmy Fallon to hear the new song "Mercy" by
Agreed! So many examples are U.S. only. Great work by
I was referring to the London blog posts from the fall.
Ask your parents for Saturday!
hey man weres justin bieber
OMG THE 24 HOUR SHOW WAS THE BEST I WON A SIGNED WEBCAM AND HE SAID MY NAME OMG DID YOU GET THE GOD DAMN VIDEO.
I am SO SO SO DONE
Thinking of memories from Florida with my advisory :')
Now this movie just reminds me of an episode of Emergency
what's tht mean
You never know what love is until you loose the one you love the most.:'( #R.I.PZachPebsworth<3. My cousin.
Oh crap just saw Aaron's text! On my way!
Did it hurt??? Hurt what??? Wen you feel from Heaven...... LOL
Join a #video #collective about residents of
Wolfram's new CDF looks interesting for people hip to Mathematica to make web-pages w/ data-driven interactive widgets. www.wolfram.com/cdf
Newark's Best Kept Secret...El Pastor Patio!!! Party!!!
I'm also kind of wondering what the 13-year-old pictured is doing in 5th grade.
Stopped at a new Mexican Restaurant 4 some lunch take-out. No Corn Tacos on the menu. Too fancy for Corn Tacos, Se<U+00F1>or?
I do freelance graphic design & that's my "real job". I also write t-shirts, write comedy, sell on eBay, etc. ADD is amazing.
Strange things always happen to visiting teams at Heinz Field
Welkah! Put your bootstraps on!!!
So distracted by the awesomeness of the I let my daughter spill my beer!
Congrats to you! Do you know of other Bay Area finalists?
If Your Phone Vibrates At Home , Yu Barely Hear It, '& If It Vibrates At School Its A Damnn Earth Quakee. Smh.
really? that would be awesome, thanks! I really really need one! haha...
got tebow man
We're excited to make buying and selling as easy as possible.
Scottsville Community Farmers Market is open Thursdays and Saturdays, but you can only get a Taste of India and Caromont Farms...
hm...no comment...
hey thanks!
Lol, just had to look that up. It's Jade! That's a good jam too. They're up there with SWV!
Deep fried oreos? Chocolate covered bacon? New cover tune for the grab bag with your Wi State Fair memories?
Reverend Horton Heat Show. ...Booze... It's a psychobilly freak-out!!
Studies show students want to take better care of their electronics, ie iPads, over their vehicles and other personal items.
If I die never having loved, then I die never having lived. Alison
Going to sleep... Finals tomorrow:(
Thank you to everyone who helped make this year<U+2019>s #WestoftheFest another success! What a party!
If you watch all the original Star Wars this weekend, I'll buy you a coffee on Monday. I want to hear what you think of them
Amazingly Blessed Day: Rocking new hair glam by Whitney B.! Derby Hat is oh so amazing! Made the Model Roster to walk Dayton Fashion Week!
Great! See you soon. :)
I guess I didn't do to Main Event tho haha
I am Ivan Drago my Theoretical Math final is Apollo Creed
looking for food business partners
Proud owner of an unused vagina. Lol
Tweet about the show tonight with the hash tag
The Lord God is the SUN & the shield.
In what, debate? RT Is Georgetown ranked 6?
I thought we were talking about Mitt Romney?
Should I change my icon back?? Idk about this one.
LOL RT : Is it weird that I'm a San Antonio native but I avoid Fiesta like the plague.
Thank you!
Happy Monday to the most recent tweeters on our feed -
I'm like a statue Stuck staring right at you You got me frozen in my tracks.
Come on Octavia!!!
Like to shout out to my girl for being extremely hard working. Congrats on this weekend
A Classic!
"Why would you throw your phone?" "Because I have a case"
hahahahaha , definitely. Guys are always dramatic
well closes today. get ready to see some really ugly people !
You'd think by this time my phone would have figured out that yes, I mean "pwned."
But this world just too big for a little girl.
you make me stronger everyday <3
I took them home from work so they are in a box in the garage but I have pics!
Do you believe in soulmates from past lives?
Awww! Tear...cousin.
I can't get enough of this phone.
#jhudc Learning a lot from your tweets & pics, thanks! :)
I don't know, you better watch out :P
hey my life
Wilkinson: When swimming becomes a team sport
-one lump or two? See you both tomorrow!
I am hoping good news comes from big meeting about my art , will let you know how it goes good or bad !!
Thanks for the Traffic shout out.
There was bird crap all over my truck this morning. I sat outside and ate a plate of scrambled eggs...just to show them what I'm capable of,
right? People need to calm down. I will girl! Smoke it up, and ill still make it somewhere in life.
Save The World by ft. Nindy Kaur has some insane bass to it..I love it!!!
Watching a Kevin Smith question thing with my brother & cousin. Still don't know if we going to the party.
": maybe only Sen paying #studentloan surreal listening to Dem colleagues lecture me on #studentloandebt" so what do you propose?
HUMANS Locked-Up INHUMANELY by the Millions -- Costing Billions of $$$. USA's Incarceration Rate NOW at HISTORIC-HIGH Rates.
Music slammin ... watching the game bored af
Do you notice if someone "unfollows" you? Do you know that there are ways that you can find out? LOL
Amen. RT : <U+201C>I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.<U+201D> <U+2013> Michael Jordan
#oddneighbors stop playing you tuba in the middle of the night stop working on your cars ppl sleep
they were homies, tips was just really paranoid. Lol
this is the 3rd time in 2 months for me... Seriously thinkin' about dropping twitter...
you should follow me :D
Wish I could be there!
Tell me why you feel this way
Sunny, 68 at 5am. Up to 95 today. Don't think Phx is getting any snow today.
Future of post-secondary ? PBL w/ the expertise of the university identifying appropriate entry points in place of scope/ sequence?
RT : As fir "Cloud-based iTunes," RealNetworks' UNIFI seems a complete solution. What do you think?
Listenen to old school Vanilla Ice, thinkin back to skatin @ Neville ...ah I'd re live THOSE highschool days!!
True, link for Bloggers was under press-reg. Yes, confusing-it will change next time around.
In #Egypt they riot for Freedom and Democracy... In #Vancouver they riot because they lost a Hockey game. Relax and have a #Beer, Eh?
Summer book club reading/eating idea: Celebrate Julia's 100th with MY LIFE IN FRANCE & her famous beef bourguignon recipe...
RT Rapper Heavy D Has Died
Real Genius plus muppets?!?
Some people may not know they have HIV/AIDS
We'll miss you, man. Good luck in MTL and see you when you come to LSP.
takes a break from sports to talk about sex & relationships with Dr. Sonjia, author of best-seller
I watch every #nyj game. It's not so much where he's at right now, but clearly on his way to special status.
Doing my patriotic duty by stimualting the economy in Vegas!
You got it!
I dreamed somebody missed me, wake up, shake it off, and repeat.
Just saw my first grand slam! Baseball can be fun.
"We are what we repeatedly do. #Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
Who wants to go to the game when you can listen to Jon Sterling and Suzan Walman while working?
My name Jessyka and I m your big fan,i ve never begged anyone so,because they are very shy,you can follow me please.ITALIAN.
The video of Zayn, Anthony and Danny. LOL. What even.
what's up ? Are you okay? I just saw all your tweeds. You know you can talk to me if you need me.:c
Is there some kind of StarWars battle going on against Gandolf in Middle-Earth?
oh dang. My godmother and I have that in common. :-/
Bike commuting for 2 years has really changed my life, at least in terms of my work and exercise habits.
The birthday messages my mom always leaves me >>
I still need you, baby that's the truth.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
(talking cows) 1: it's like a steakhouses worst nightmare! 2: alright were all gonna go to outback steakhouse, everyone in the kitchen!
Interesting call in Game 7 with 2:26 remaining...
Through music, a child's imagination can keep growing with the years. Give them a chance to keep their imagination with their love of music.
<U+201C>: tests are supposed to challenge your knowledge of thesubject but they just make me want to drink rat poison instead" #mylife lol
This was all going fine until I got stranded at UMass Amherst...when I need to be in Boston at 7:45...gosh darn it.
Friday Night Lights, Entourage, The Shield...My 3 favorite TV series of all time...combining all my passions!
It is me in a cheap Ironman mask when I was shopping with my nephew at Toys R' Us #notscary!
Hi i love your website ;0) great job!
Today was really weird and awkward lol
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, March 6
but your fight the system Sam
Something in the residence just got thrown across the room.
OMG, OMG! I'm starting to believe my own publicity. Wait-it's over now. THANKS guys-you're awesome!
Wow...I think Upshaw is a way better pass rusher than Hightower. Huge pick for #ravens. Suggs FINALLY has help
Carl Lee Hailey says SET FREE 10% of the HUMANS Locked-Up Doing TIME for a CRIME. Help Turn 10% of the Humans Loose. Campaign
#7daysofsex is great Just make sure you experience it with someone that will be around in the Lon run
Have your students write/calculate what they know - see what they come up with - "ED MEMORIES".
i don't have much money, but boy if i did.
It's spring all around the world. I hope spring comes to America soon. Austerity is built on backs of poor, here also.
Your momma, she's a bitter bride. She'll never be satisfied.
Many thanks! That was fun to unravel.
I always get what I want, but sometimes I have to be very patient for it...
And by the way, you should read my book Part Wild. Then you'll see just how crazy I am.
tell me!
Most of the people my age in wayne county are going nowhere
Zuckerberg saying that he's going to announce something "Life Changing" is dumb. Talk about building hype that you can't match.
if i make $200 a day it will total $73,000 for the year. I need that kind of dough! I;ve got to figure out a way to be Successful and Rich!!
I agree
bad beat jackpots both hands need to use both hole cards.
i tried to call you!! will you be around later tonight?
My DRIVE Blu-Ray came in the mail. Things will get pretty groovy and badass after the kids go to bed.
NBC Miami just reported that you won the NBA finals! #congrats Is that 2 in a row now??
BnF offering a week in Paris for a web archiving workshop
Still interested in carrying a banner? We would love your (plus friends) help! Please e-mail at .
enjoy and let us talk soon
Usher is going for that Euro disco crowd with this track
& plus, she got me a car for graduation. The one I wanted, she's the best ever. :)))
Hey this is Maricarmen fill free to call me anything please keep bad comments to yourself (: ~ Maricarmen
New servers will be up this week and broadcasting our Stations. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused everyone.
MERRY XMAS GIRL!
so ... Email::Sender::Server is insanely bloated software, ... I blame the author (me)... moving on, ... lets trim the fat
:) Just Smile.
when did tackleberry die???
Glenn. You have finally stopped using His name in vain. It's not time to counsel other on that one yet. I was trying to lighten it up be ...
Atleast I tried
Just found out Sharmeen Obad Chinoy is a fellow 7 Sister! Congrats on your Oscar!
It really annoys me when I move my car for street cleaning, & 2 hrs later, it's abundantly clear the sweeper never came
interesting! what are you going to use for analytics instead?
must be a made up stat. Damn Moneyball...ruining the game.
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I saw you on the UPA hashtag, but couldn't remember why I knew that avatar. Hi! If you see me around, say hello.
Team Florida!!!! Are you ready for some football ???? Look up Team Florida - Exclusive Football league.
let's talk money , I talk bad [;
<U+0001F64F><U+0001F494><U+0001F3B6><U+0001F3B5><U+0001F622> it used to get on my nerves when it was in the radio but I like it now.
Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day. ~RT
home finally
Just got back from the gym. Today was chest day. I finally think I'm getting some where. Will all the hard work pay off? Only time will tell
MEGA HOTNESS.
Could you end me some times when I could call to interview you. Subject: Author Interview
somebody tell me to get off twitter and create my final for this week's class.. "very distracted today."
After an RBI double by Mike Davis, Clear replaces Wegman and allows another run on a suicide squeeze. 4-1 A's.
I doubt I'll finish the special operation. I refuse to A. spend real money on it & B. spend that much time on it.
You're welcome. I'LLC give it to you during passing period.
Tomorrows pretty much Friday!
Now following follow back.pleaz:-):-)
Wow time to get my shit together and start tweeting
When Life Hands You Skittles, Chunck Them At People And Say Taste The Freakin Rainbow xD
I love taking cute family portraits with a family that has a good sense of humor. :)
can't wait to hear how it went!
sorry we didn't see you when we were in town. We barely even made it to our NYE party b4 midnight! Hope u had a great night!
I want that life. I just wish it were easier to accomplish...
Why Are You Still Tweeting Me If You See I'm NOT Replying!
I think we could come up with something.
Make your reservation for 2012 / 2013 before the post-Christmas rush!!
you're still better than them, love you x
RT : Are you a wonk? Do you want to know? Find out /judyblog
lol i don't want Matthew knowing me as his pothead Tia :cc
Happy Birthday Jessica and Rebekah Mitchell! I love you!
My dad dances to Ms. New Booty... Booty poppin' and all
I hate NBC coverage.
Follow Back Black Beautiful :)
Home finally <3.
I'll spit on a grave 4 ya (ht )
Carlos Gonzalez: Out Monday With Strep Throat
TYVM! RT : Want to learn about caring fo rpets when someone is in hospice care? follow , how awesome are they!!
Sub-zero special. Anyone that comes to the office today (2/10/11) and mentions Twitter can have an adjustment or massage for $10.00
this sounds like one of those porn movies lmao xD
definitely. doubt he's ever kissed anything more than a computer screen. he's probably on twitter right now
not really. Garnet is past his prime. Do that to a toucan and then I'm impressed.
I think I have a buddy crush on Dale Thayer. Like it would be real fun to hang out with that guy. Play GoldenEye on the N64.
meetings for restoring the Rivoli Theatre are first Wednesday of each month, 6pm, 2nd floor of the Boner Center. Open to all!!
That annoyed moment when your tweet feed is cluttered with lovey dovey shit and you have nothing from your own bf #donewitchu:(
People of Falls Church City! City Council Elections are tomorrow. Get out and vote . . . . and when you do, vote for William Henneberg!
Good luck beating Boston, breakfast :P
good point, I hear Mexico City is lovely in November. I'll just need a few AK's and a bullet proof car.
Get the excitement of a game and pleasure of a win. Useful product line is available at incredibly low prices....
the funny thing about facebook is you can talk about one person and it makes 20 others think it's about them
Time for the tribe to win another series.
The Cville Municipal Band gives their 90th (yes, 90th) annual spring concert on Tues, 8pm. FREE, at Dickinson Auditorium at
Send in your design ideas before a school wide site introduction.
how are you liking your BO food? I'm giddy about it! :)
I litter just so that the guys picking up trash for community service have something to do.
Great meeting with committee member. Start prospectus over with a clearer topic and argument.
Cause in the end boy, your gonna want another round.
Well, didn't want to speak for you. But yeah, a defining moment for a big slice of our community, if not exactly of our generation...
Thank you! I hope you win. Sorry for the typo! :-p
hah I'm trying to leave early!
Tragic - Definitely makes me think, feel.
college basketball is a better game when Indiana is relevant
Straight brim slightly tilted baseball caps #cool or #tool? Mt vote based on the stupid white kid in front of me at Panera: 100% TOOL
using me how jfc
has an amazing giveaway to celebrate the new look - check it out!!! But don't enter bc I want to win :)
Just throw-dropped my phone onto concrete...a few small chips but no cracks. I fear I've used up all my luck on a day I'm going to a casino.
not cockroaches are they?
Thanks for the mention. Looking forward to the #BCwine daily. I hope all is well on beautiful Vancouver Island.
I need an Oregon health insurance expert, knowing something about OMIP, portability and/or COBRA for domestic partners.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. Theodore M. Hesburgh
I didn't see JAMES FRANCO,so I turned away
If i ever met einstein id ask him "wtf do u daydream about? Do smart things just come to u?"
Emptied the dishwasher, cleaned out the fridge, and took out the trash. I wonder if my roommates think fairies do these things for them.
I was pretty much born with my heart on my sleeve and don't know how to be any other way.
You learn more by losing than you do by winning but winning just feels better.
That's true. They never really got pops or real heat when they came out to the ring to begin with.
I am craving one of your cakes right now but I am home with a cold. Sure wish you delivered to my neck of the woods!
I know I will LOVE it! fabulous recipes are the way to my heart!
GM Boss Lady, how's it going?
Lesson learned!
glad to hear that. Keep on rocking Jeff!
thanks for joinin gus! !
It's the most wonderful time of the year, more or less.
#thingstoneverdoagain : yoga on the beach
entertain me... no pictures? Has hollywood dried up of all the wierdos?
omg!!! I'm watching ur "Novation" Fringe episode now! *squeal!*** it's such an awesome show! I bet the crew is nice 2! :D
im still trying for you
Spending a night in jail... An old Swiss women's prison that was converted into a character hotel that is ;)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
That's why I stay collected!
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dutch ban takes aim at foreigners buying pot - Bryan College Station Eagle
#Friendship is one of the best gifts we share with one another. #Angelic friends are here, but the #connection must be maintained thru love.
lmao. Young and hip? Ahhhahaha finally
Follow me on
what me and you had is now
Thesis proposal so close.....
need more #bellhooks in my life & in this world.
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix and Happy New Year :)
at least you got a lot of Great Values!
we need pitching on the Mets staff, then again who doesn't?
Selection Show making Ice Loves Coco look like compelling television.
well, people move on, some faster than other, I really have nothing to say that will comfort that
RIP to Nate Dogg, thank you for your hard work and everything. My condolences are w/ the family and people that knew him. Life's 2 Short!
A dog may be man's best friend, but the horse wrote history.
Dancers! Give me a shoutout in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
<U+201C>: I, personally, want nothing to do with you romantically, but I will kill anyone that does. And I don't like you leaving your home.<U+201D>
LaseResults SOLD OUT on Shop NBC...and we had a great time. Nurse Kim was a star!
i like making up names for playlist. currently: "if i had a convertible these are the songs i would play May-August only with the top down"
your annoying me stop it.
4 MORE DAYS TILL HAWAII!!! :D
Antonio Banderas! Maybe but I'd throw a bone to Michael Crichton's Eaters of the Dead and go Wake Up Dead
Why do ppl feel the need to pick their nose in the car? As if they're in an opaque secret bubble.
The heat is making me grouchy.
Haha, no worries!
Keep your eye out for X-Flight video!
SAT is over... Hope i did well despite my sickness :/
Tootsie Rolls are disgusting.
We're expecting a great turn out for our Power 20 event on Feb. 3...sign up before it's too late..go to baltimorebusinessjournal.com.
Only watching AI for Queen and I have to mute the judges comments. They were making me gag!
I REALLY enjoyed myself today :)
Kate's scene w/Stefano was so out of character 4 her.Kate would have thrown Marlena right in Stefano's face.Another writer snafu.
not tryna shave yet
Yeah... maybe.
Go to 's facebook www.facebook.com/regretnight and leave a comment with our name so we can open for them on june 17th!
Another beautiful day in Tampa Town with Love you baby !
Mel, put a bug in Mamma B's ear that we don't approve lol
Oh laawwdd I over slept <U+0001F623> how am I going to explain this one
Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness
just realized I jacked your fav headband
Thanks for the follow Ben & Jerry's (benandjerrys)! :)
Enjoying this beautiful day by sitting inside and writing papers..
they even have birds "tweeting" the updates.
Okay, no more. I promise.
#honestyhour I had a great weekend!(: playinn pool with billy, and family! best one of many comeing!< 3(:
rain, rain go away... wet, muddy, shedding horses take much longer to groom!
RT : As everyone packs up and head out...we THANK YOU 4 joining us 4 dinner tonight! Keep us in mind in the future
PARTY tonight
Ya next chance to win New Edition Tix is coming up at 3pm with
(St. Louis Bugle) Time, like a snowflake, disappears while we<U+2019>re trying to decide what to do with it.
The wind keeps blowing the front doors of the library open. Plus we get the occasional person clutching an umbrella flying past the window.
Going to new Jersey yea!
thanks for reminding me...
you're awesome.
I can't even began to think what a Stephen King band would sound like. It wasn't Pennywise was it?
Hate to say it but game 7 SOB
#NF LOL I see you I b ducked off on here
#tarantulas aren't great for cuddling. (Clearly.) But not because of danger to the handler. The tarantula just cannot handle stress
oh just saw him and he was talking about you
Plus I got a whole city to hold down.
BUTT of course ;-)
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "chelud ed cehel". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
Haha! Here's hoping we still have our FOL meeting tomorrow :)
sat in bed writing your letter with my hair up.. The hair'do you should never do! :P hahaha <U+2665>
re: #rockmelt....not bad. once I add my Diigo plugin. This may be my new fave browser
I need 7 fantasy points from lloyd, so let's not pull orton yet. Denvers line is getting owned by a 4 man rush
Alex, there are so many reports on the legitimacy of the #occupywallstreet assemblies. WHY AREN'T YOU IN #NYC BULL-HORNING!?
Before I make any decisions today imma think: What would Chip Kelly do? And the most ballsy option will always be the correct choice.
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
RT : U will NOT catch me holding a balloon in my mouth as a target for a crossbow shooter.
Even tonight, ESPN is hawking the Longhorn Network in its crawl. Nice.
I'm watching the doc my friend Wesley produced on the LA riots - Uprising - and it is wow. Startling.
Oh Spunky Monkey, how I do love thee...
Thank you! good luck @
im good, how you been
Looks like the #Twolves are going to make me get the League Pass. Can't wait to see them play at Staples Center this year!
One more fact: The probability of giving birth to a girl instead of a boy increases significantly when the mother lives close to the equator
#ff sports career advice and job postings
Us too, Rio!
neva been scared of a hoe takin my man... if he want her she can have him !
starting to learn how to engineer/produce music! I think i like it a lot =)
looking 4 theatre w/ proscenium avail mid feb for 1-2hr shoot for an indie musical mockumentary film project - #LAThtr what say you?
thanks for coming to class
what I don't understand is why you keep going back to 2000, that plan lost, why would it pass now?
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
could play for UK the program with the most wins in NCAA history, 7 Titles, and get him to where he wants to be
Following you! Follow back!
Give it a shot (or 10!) The baristas at our Easton store are responsible for that creation.
our pleasure ;)
Shout out going for the sweep on the road today in Charlotte
THX new Followers...for the follow...Peace and Blessings 2 U..LOVE U old ones...U ARE ALL SEXY PEOPLE...EVERY LAST ONE !!!! Mwah xoxo
Cool. -- good question re: how many pirate versions out there. Gotta look.
all cakes and buns are horrible. They're so sickly! Lol
Big time-->RT : was well worth the investment to attend #careertl2012!
Ashamed at how much I dig the new bubl<U+00E9> single. .... I'm ashamed.
RT TAMPA/WESTCHASE UPDATE: Accident reported by on WB Linebaugh near Westchase Elem involves a bicyclist.
Thanks so much! Super excited to be representing SF small businesses!
how's diet/kids/wife/life?
Just did! (don't know why it took us so long ;))
wondering if she knows how ridiculous she sounds..
I hope you have a WONDERFUL birthday !!! May all your wishes come ture ! Happy Birthday Michele ! #LoveTheMahomies <3
Now you tell me! I'm with friends! We're at Mad Mex! I'm trying to diet.
I hope the #mnleg comes to it's senses and votes to keep the #Vikings in #Minnesota. Hold your #legislators responsible for their no votes
"True, it may seem like a stretch, but its thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when youre away when I am missing you to death."<U+0001F49A>
I like all of the recent moves they've made too. run game and passing d need upgrades
Hey Ladies.. Its Payday, time to call that Nigga you been avoiding all Month to ask for some Money!
even jail broken it has a hard time picking them up. It must be cause it's old
I will leave you alone now but I shall return at some point and you will love me forever
Do you believe in miracles?
The realest niggas
quotIn The Bat-Cavequot Mini Trailer How To Set Up a Home Recording Studio Web-Show - area rugs
Anyways Good Night yal
I'm 2 and a half months already!!!! Can not wait to meet my new bundle of joy!!!
so far have a designer interested in helping us with our plan. I'm working on it sister!! XOXO
RT Yup Yup BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
To tweak the old saying: Cold fingers, warm hearts.
the kind that bring you home when home is such a strange place..
hi Jamie :) my daughter sparklyrebel98 loves you and thinks your adorable
Wishing you all there a wonderful and amazing day take care
Flying solo
When Austin's doing photoshoots in a magazine that just doesn't seem to exist in your country.
Miss your voice! How are you, JP?
Has some of the best books ever. It's become an #addiction reading them. O.o
The inspired me to read "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn" today. It's one of those books I always thought I'd read, but hadn't.
#nowfollowing welcome to the market homie
omg jon just replied 2 monica O_O
game on my friend. I may see you in SF this weekend. RT : Blessed morning
This plane smells like a McDonalds. I was hoping that would be the case!
Likewise! RT : Look forward to your tweets
We hope everyone enjoys Opening Day safely today! Go #Brewers!
not giving up at all. This party is just getting started. :)
strike 3. He left but it was raw dog.
See you and Tik later....
Hey!! Please ask Brad to sing HuckFinnBlues tonight! Thank you!
thanks for spreading the Shindig love!
Hey Everyone! Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42" Plasma TV? Check out Buddy's, they have them for 19.99/wk.
I love coming home to a super clean house. Thank you maid service! I'm lazy and a guy, don't hate
Wishing my Mom a Happy Birthday
yes yes and yes!! We are in the ballroom! Still no costume yet :/
Sam shields what's good?
I'm calling an end to Facebook/Instagram jokes as of right... now.
You, too! RT : Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters:
Switching lanes during a turn <<<
in LA!
Left one light on in car while working out. Now eaiting for roadside assistance for a jump. Oh well. Could be worse.
Thank you! :)
There is nothing in this world like being the Daddy of a baby girl.
Wait, Whitney Houston died?!!! Where was the coverage???!!'
Some bro at the laundromat answered his phone by shouting "whazaaaaaaaaa?!" I quickly became inundated with nostalgia.
nope.... he sincerely wants to make love to u sarah!! dont fight it
........but right now at this very moment sex would be good
Jamming to Angels and Gentlemen on the way to mall. This will be a great car ride.
Gotta to project for school pretty easy
been blessed!
Thanks for the retweet!
If I could change my name it would be to Larry Gary......
Capuano with a great performance tonight. 9K, 0 runs allowed. Lindblom from the bullpen now pitching for the
RT :<U+201C>We<U+2019>ve got to do a better job training people in the skills that more employers are looking for.<U+201D> President Obama
Welcome to Indy GMEN! Beat the Pats for all #Colts fans.
Good morning everyone! What's on your agenda today?
I know. So much respect for that guy.
I swear my family is full of retards!!!!! I gotta be the only smart one.
I left my heart with my phone in my center console, I left my feelings with my wallet & my keys.
Daily Special, Fri 03/23/12 - Lg lightly breaded pollock fish fillet w/ french fries & tartar sauce. While it lasts! $8.95. Add coleslaw $1.
responded to your tweet from the wrong account...my identity has been compromised
Let me know if I can hit you with that baile funk track with the Fela sample!
WOWOWW refs CHEATING. Hibbert still in.
Who is at? Just a super great role model and best friend. Even though i have not met her yet.
I'm 58 yrs.in esrd go to dialysis 3days/wk.peeps come on shows telling what to eat to lose weight.that segment annoyed me:))
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
loiter squad, bunch of black dudes making asses of themselves? About time they had their own Fox tv
Is grateful that this week's book weighs in at a mere 176 pages after last week's 436 page monster.
Thanks for the heads up!
The weather is getting warmer & what<U+2019>s better during the heat than eating some locally grown fresh fruit from the Hillcrest Farmers Market?!
Woof! RT : Can I get another woof?
girl that performance was #legendary!!!!!
ha what are u up to these days
Aww love Mrs Obama on 'The biggest loser', so inspiring
Tried eating healthy and was doing well, till today. When I ate about 10 pieces of bacon
Is that Zanesville?
Thanks for mentions!
No problem! I hope everyone at WTE is doing well! Keep up the good work, I am always checking out the blog!
AWW! That made ME smile! Haha (: those clips in your hair are freaking so sweet!! You're adorable! <33
We got a major announcement that involves coming soon.
Free to Love
I been busy but I didn't forget.
It's Friday...I'm in love.
maybe afraid of ending up a mid major? Big 12 down to 10. SEC getting bigger.
pretty amazing ain't it....
what is the 1974? When u were born...When you lost your virginity? Oh no, that was earlier this evening.... Pieces of what?
REMINDER... The show tonight at The Paradise has been postponed
I just watched this tonight with my lil guy!
For sure!
But Good Night AGAIN . :)
haha..me too...and I already have my make-up on!
Tune leech?!!?!
awesome!! i always love meeting new people!!
RT : Paraphrasing Don Betts at the Winnipeg WP Meetup "Bad design is unethical."
well thank you (:
going to sleep to wake up in an hour. shiaaaaat.
Here's to the Directioners who weren't here in the beginning, but will be here supporting them till the end.
Quick Question: Who wins, Duke or Baylor?
Just don't feel like doing homework...
Test of voting equipment finished - and successful! On to Election Day, Tuesday, May 8.
Confs make me feel important. RT : Only a few more weeks until the NACE conference...YAY professional development
What troubles are ya having with the accordion menu?
#oomf game is weak....
I hope all who supported my fight for marriage equality will also support my fight for our children's education.
I use Waze bc the iPhone lacks a native turn by turn GPS. Don't use gamification much. it's interesting when they have themes
<U+201C> The niggas gossip more then these bitches.<U+201D> u sure
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" @ thanks girl
Sipping some delicious Gin! cc
the one night when we were all tweeting each other and u were with and yeah!! u know
Mowing my grandma's lawn. She's ninety and still thinks she needs to guilt trip me into doing it :p
I'm about to get gangster big on twitter! Can I get a woot woot from my 10 followers!
Raise your hand if you googled "Ab Strain"? (hand up)
I just shake my head through the entire thing. I can't not watch. It's like bearing witness to the birth of a three-head calf.
Getting ready for a Easter brunch for homeless. Planning to serve 700 meals on Sunday
What is your favorite movie?:)
#HowCanYouExpect to learn something when you already know it all
MTU lessons learned: Team approach, project management, continuous improvement. Support by surveys and proper documentation
No one can sweep the pens.
It's Tribe day, Tribe day, gotta get down on Tribe day! ...Happy opening day 2012!
Thank you Jesus for another opportunity.....
There's so much awesome crud going on tonight, join us!
#remeberthat everything happends for a reason.
"When I'm through with you, I'll make you wish you could die."
No, but it looks fantastic! We'll have to try it. Thanks!
look for us in the Roundup Tent at the KISS Cook-off @ CB Park in Davie tomorrow!!!
Omg followed me!!!!!
Successful week with family business last week. I love it when that happens.
Well, Instagram wasn't built in a day, after all. : I hope so. Still a long way off sadly
I'll LOL at both of you when he doesn't. And then be sad bc we're stuck with Tristan Thompson.
It's been several years since Reach. Plus, Terrence is right. The co-op stuff is potentially revolutionary.
Congrats to Lola Pictures for their fantastic Range Rover commercial!! We can't wait to see it!
wait I missed the part where Philly is up by ten.. wtf celtics
I got nothing but love and support for my city RT : No! Let's keep it all the way Richmond lol
The film is great, but I think what's more intriguing are the unedited interview material in the bonus material. Great stuff!
Packed house at
Marcellino Ristorante- at the Waterfront, next to Barrio Queen. They only have 2 beers, this and an amber. Good choice!
I think your really groovy in a happening far out way
Happy Birthday!
to quote Arnold, "I'll Be Back" it was great and I am at the stage of discovery where #DMBistro really helped me!
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to all the men and women who have served.
Let me know if you need any help!
This Wed. in ATX. The Black Keys, Bon Iver and Aziz Ansari. Shame on you if you're not going to one.
the Mark Buehrle web gem was pretty sweet!!
anyone else having issues playing tonight? Trying to catch up on Once Upon A Time but it keeps freezing! Thx for help :)
Authors do NOT have a responsibility "to be more explicit when introducing non-white characters in their books."
Finishing up the last of the 2011 wedding edits and getting the ski and snowsports calendar finalized.
I'm still wondering what the countess might have said...
": many thanks for your support Ivy!! Looking forward to meeting you at tomorrow's #Pose4Change. #LookGoodDoGood Same here!
-- another bloodbath courtesy of weak kneed politicians with NRA blessings
#countdown 4 days till Jenolo launch ...t shirts looking #great #dope #fly all the above
i retweeted didnt do nothing . FORGET YOU
My fam's here and life is good :)
Insanity, day 4. I'm starting to think I'm insane for doing this.
RT : Congrats to & from all of us for making the #inc500 | 5000 list 7x!
feeling a little HUNGARY today...Budapest you're on the menu!
Sullinger is such a baby and a whiner that he makes look like a man.
Hanging out with one of my fav people in the world, my manager! :)
PLZ don't tell Garnet Coleman what is happening in El Paso or that I lost 7 endorsements to Aaron Barraza they call "PRINCE"!
Process change is more important than matter mgmt software. Ownership by the practice group is key.
C'est si bon! RT A new combo- tequila, , lime and rhubarb pur<U+00E9>e!
BN, Powells, Book Depository, Indiebound reviewers - your time has come.
#warof1812 enthusiasts - win a #free copy of Star-Spangled Sailors! when #author has 50 followers she will #giveaway 5 books!
Please welcome Versace, my new chinchilla friend!
I left #righttoremix feeling some harm in indulging this luxury RT : his luxury is picking at the scabs of a broken system
I'm bringing all the necessary things to work tommorow to make sure I dont get a migrane ! Food ,Water, Migrane pills and icecream money :)
Really? Ffs! I don't watch any of that crap, it's just thrust down my neck on every turn! I'm pitching #ibizauncovered 2012 version
#YouGettinPunchedIf you say me and Allstar Weekend aren't dating. YOU'D BE SITTING ON A THROWN OF LIES.
How is everyone's morning going? What's for breakfast?
Got back in from GA around 8pm and now im back on the grind! Who's up working right now?
RT ' new freshmen representative is now on Twitter with a perhaps less than super-well-aging name: / <3
I know why you beat the rap Some day you'll be crawling back, crawling You'll be crawling back to me, yeah
Double checking the recycling pickup days in my new BK 'hood. Their website is pretty good! Check yours, lower right: www.nyc.gov/sanitation
Jose, you are doing the same thing where you think LeBon has some mythical power to do everything no matter what.
hi! Very glad to find you on Twitter! I talked about your blog last week at a workshop on feminist parenting.
I know what I want and will not settle for anything less than I deserve.
VICTORY! EBSCO appears to be back!
Thanks for the follow
Systems librarian tips: Always remind them what you've done for them bc they will forget if you don't.
HOW DARE YOU SIR. HOW DARE YOU.
my ipod still isnt working. #waah :(
Another interview today!
Is this bad all of the time or is it mostly the #Penguins broadcasts? They seem especially sloppy during the Pens telecasts.
No one likes me /:
so exciting! Have fun ladies, miss you
Playing "Would You Rather?" with a bunch of degenerates all day.... I love my job.
47 is way too young.
Yeah that's good advice. I think once life's a bit calmer I will have a go. Itching to get one idea down.
The sages do not consider that making no mistakes is a blessing. They believe, rather, that the great virtue of man lies in his ability to <U+2026>
Note: #burlesque shows are fun for an hour to and hour and a half, and then its slow, repetitive and you remember there are
Shit thats messed up i would have took that day off but fuck it the man has to make that bread right! Im sure you will fig it out
They're going to love my 15/8 latin reharm version of "Sleepy Time Down South."
Concerts to cover in upcoming months: Warped, All Stars, Scream Like You Mean it, Dead Kids tour, Craig Owens solo, Slaughter, & Mayhem :3
By making the decision to lose weight on the HCG Diet, you are also making the decision to get healthy.
I'm not a bad driver, I just like giving the gift of near-death experiences.
yeah I get it you miss me, I'll be home soon! Ps that painting guy called me. I told him what you REALLY thought of his company
I mean how do you as a fan continue to buy tix if mgmt trades away all good players to save $$$
Taxil Technologies is hiring independent sales professionals. Please send your resume and cover letter to .
The song "Blue Jeans"? Just watched the video and she just sounds like a spoiled rich girl trying to be deep. But not like BAD.
she's got a rebel heart of country a mile wide (:
Gotta love
Still hunting the elusive Hal Bevis
looking to hire UX Developers and iOS Developers! Email us at
Let's play two! #Orioles could send a message sweeping today but let's not get ahead of ourselves. Bullpen can't get taxed.
happy New Years to you too!!
Thank u ;) That's very cool!!
It scares Chuck Norris
yea he does! That's so weird! LLN :)
"we can still be friends" "really" "NO GO FUCK YOURSELF"
#10 Archerville Cartel "No Handouts" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Hm, ironic.. I get my hair done by Jessica, too. We were talking about you. (; & Happy Birthday! I love you. You're amazing.<U+2764>
good:) and yourself?
How'd I miss this? You're now at Brown as Director of Online Development? Marvelous!!! (glad you've retained Gator fan status)
Is there really no way to edit or add someone to a list from within the iPad app?
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Barcelona - "Faded"
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
Had a scary dream..
RT I was sure the plane had a leak somewhere : A6: flying Ryanair is adventurous, if u don't have a quid for the loo
Oh thank god, they finally fucking canceled iCarly. Dan Schneider, go die in a fire please. Stop making TV shows.
What the hell's a Godfather's Pizza and why do I care? I understand huts and dominoes, things I can be enthusiastic about, even.
the middle finger fully extended, and the catchphrase, 'Go F*** Yourself!'
Best day ever, mostly because I heard from you :) miss you lots and lots!
I'm so tired... I just wanna go to bed
I got my own pinball machine!
On a Don Bluth/mouse animated movie kick
Tummy ache, so I'm staying in and watching JHutch interviews yum.
#AskAlexConstancio why wont you follow me? ): ...
The amazing Elizabeth Smart wore wedges & a red bag during her talk at Youth Eastside Services fundraiser.
Its Better To Be; Homless & Loved Than, Rich & Hated....
Somebody bout 2 get a beat down
You judged him, and he proved you wrong. Tell him he isnt worth it, and watch where he ends up. #Mahomie<3
We're going to be in Virginia (Blacksburg + Richmond) over the next two weeks. Hit us up if you're building cool stuff!
Suggestions... Are just another way of wanting someone else to make decisions for you.
Hahaha! RT : Oh, you have a $500 car and a $3,500 sound system? Teach me how to properly budget and allocate my money like you do.
definitely! Purely mind-blowing.
Scholarships now available! Young singers, audition Sat. 5/19 for YG's 2012-13 season. Call now for details and audition times: 972-439-9037
That piano recital was SO HORRIBLE....
I think you have done a great job with it so far.
Yes! 110% in. You? Hope so!! Would be so fun to have you there!
i dont know , m where do u live??
I said today would be really good or bad. Leaning towards bad. We moved btw so much farther to sitter. About 25 min each way
We'd love the support. We're always interested in learning more ab different NPOs & what they're doing in MD
Isn't the Note only 5" ? I'm Thought a bit about the iPad 2 because of the price drop.
#Thethingis most people focus too much on there apperance and not enough on there character
Entrepreneurs are always focused on minimizing equity dilution..but as my boss says "I only became rich when I became a small shareholder"
nope. this area is under a huge amount of lightrail construction.
Team Leader opening in Petersburg, VA $60-70K; Must have either an Engineering Degree and/or 2+ years experience
OMG thats awesome :D
no got out before it happened!
Still In class
can you send me the picture thats your background? pleasee
Just decorated the Holiday Tree at INDIGO @ twelve|west...come check it out in our lobby, it looks awesome!
#ff perfect angle shot. Driving in circles around the arch you can forget the grandeur thats within.
The ALR has begun. I'm not going to say where i am w clue #4. But there is a couple planning their wedding here, like Carrie in SATC movie1.
Norv Turners new book..."how to win, and win big when it doesn't matter..."
Nice lunch w/ Jeff Levy, #business coach @ The E Source and co-author of #makingthejump. Great #entrepreneurship insights cc
Lmao im sorry! RT : Shout out to , i am now scarred for life ... It will never be the same. <U+0001F633>
Hope they make a lot of progress!
Met a drag "icon" tonight #brrrpt!
Now I am going home and I am going. To been bored as fuck. Bro
I need to come to Chicago more often. Here for a conference, very cool city.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!! New music coming very soon, so stay tuned!
What should I subscribe to with my gift card - , , or (+a book - it's cheap)?
Relaxing weekend. Ready for a final and cross town move!
Still need another panelist for presentation on Asian mass media/popular culture. Can send you panel descript
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW! InSpotter mobile app
everybody is screaming at how muchg $ it costs sounds like we have a health care crisis not a budget crisis
me too D:.
I've been smiling at my phone all day <U+E056><U+E056><U+E056>
collective intelligence - no one person knows it all so we gather to pool knowledge and skills
O I didn't know how you spelt his last name ha
i woke up this morning with that girl by all time low playing in my head...couldn't resist listening to them this morning
RT for all of the girls that call themselves "Mrs. Smith" !<3
Howard Stern just crushed on the Today Show.....
": " Live your life to express, not to impress.""
Shout out to for the 18 pizzas! Thanks, Ed Davis!
Get it? Would rather argue than seek truth?? Really u don't get this??? Jesus.
Haha shut up!!!
Peyton Hillis is looking worse and worse with these bizarre stories of late. He needs to clarify this agent/retirement situation ASAP...
Another #scrumpdiliotious dinner ! Not only is food delish, the service is outstanding! (And I'm not easily impressed!)
#Masters weekend is by far the best weekend of sports all year. Hands down.
i make it
Thanks and !!
whats your natural eye and hair color?
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
& i dont even need your love , but you treat me like a stranger & that feels so rough =/
If gluten-free people call ahead (say, a day's notice), we are often willing to make crustless Key Lime Pie.
up this time everyday. Coffee is a must !
"Young fellow, how conceited you are! You do not listen when I speak. Your heart is denser than a great obelisk, a hundred cubits high."
The awkward moment when you go somewhere in basketball shorts and everyone is dressed-up
American Hospital Association: Took 2 people 3 months to overhaul AHA's Intranet and collaboration enterprise-wide
haha well, I'll try! I'm not as creative as you <U+0001F614>
This mornings festivities have made me even more excited about going to MD next Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Mavericks beat the Heat 105-95. Dirk Nowitzki scores 21 points after rocky first half - deserving MVP.
We would register for the Warped 2012 BOB but that whole thing is a popularity contest and we arent popular so we will stick to house shows.
When I get home I'm going #bologna !!!!!
#worstmovietitles "S" ... I'm guessing it's about snakes? lmfao!
#NFB GO FOLLOW HER N SHOW HER SUM LOVE.
Just got on & realized i have 812 FOLLOWERS ! That might not be alot to some people but it is to me. (: thank you so much
Wha wha what?!? It's not there anymore? I used to go there all the time !! When did that happen?
Happy Thanksgiving Jack! Hope you have a great day and good luck on the court this season.
RT : Gingrich announcing the end of his campaign today is like calling up your ex 3 months later to tell him you're over him
Where are u my dear!?
What do you think THE EFFACING is? I'll tell you.... Once it is complete..
Almost summer yeah! Hope you have great day!
i say we pitch in and buy him one. lol
Apparently my knuckle looks, feels, and smells like a grape, because my foster bunny just bit into it.
It's SO beautiful outside! It helps that the JOY of the Lord is my strength too, because He gives me the ability to even enjoy the weather!
If we have entered the digital age what am I doing with all of this paper crap on my desk?
Prank calls were so much better before caller identification
im so nervous. i just found out im takin drivers ed next year in feburary and im gonna get behind the wheel #Scared lol
Happy Winter Solstice. The Shortest Day of the Year!
<U+201C>We want to instantly connect people everywhere to (*who* and) what are most important to them."
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers ~
LeBrick James helping the #Heat blow a 17 point lead & miss clutch shots late...while that 'old' guy Kobe dropped 48 on the #Suns..!!
Thanks at you!
alli can i get a follow from you? it would mean the world to me <3 i love you (: you are so pretty *o*
"I just tweeted a good one."
feel better baby girl <3 almost a week before I come visit :) #hanginthereboo <3
well then do you want him
seriously shows
It makes me feel so good when women over the age of 1000000 tell me I'm handsome but women under 1000000 don't acknowledge my existence.
God is just simply amazing.
Dreading the fact I have to come back up here at 4...
now that I don't do it for a living, putting on my FYC hat and proofreading things is actually fun
:) I agree
now following the wonderful FB!!?!?'
thanks for the follow!
Looking for moving boxes. Anyone in rva have some you can part with?
Founder & former CEO of TRAVELOCITY.COM, Chairman of KAYAK.COM and CIO of AMERICAN AIRLINES set to speak in Baltimore! www.Roadmap10.com.
guys love himm too
merry xmas to you bill and family
Recent studies reveal that 83% of American girls are lame.
I'm finally, not sick anymore...
Thanks for all the memories Ricky!
I guess when you told me you found the one who made your life complete, you really didnt mean it, or it wasnt about me..
CAT sucks monkey balls
"Jesus accepts his vocation and He does His work incredibly well."
Go Justin Go Justin almost 12.000.000 #followers !!
Do you think that Mac will be able to maintain its unique innovative quality now that Steve Jobs has passed?
thanx for your leadership against #humantrafficking & followback. Share in a blessed 2012.
There is a large diesel fuel spill in the area of Clays Mill Rd and wellington. It is best to avoid the area for a while.
To celebrate the latest ruling on #prop8, come in btwn 11-2 today & get 8% off your lunch food if you mention the Prop 8 special.
Welcome to the team ! Glad to have you here!!
If a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a "wave" is it a "ripple"?
Feeling better then yesterday :P
thanks! RT : Putting captions on my storm story, reminded of how talented photoj colleagues r. u'll want 2 buy 2morrow's paper.
I hate that the Kentucky Derby is on cinco de mayo.
Dunwoody. Objectivity is good for capturing info, but does not add much to validity.
Going to with my best friend Carmen for Cinco de Mayo! Woo Hoo!
Go Listen & expand your tastes & your mind
hello good morning is on dance central!? I'm playin that NOW!!!
need a cure to this pain, im about to go insane
He already has, several times.
I think I just got a 12.
I would think that the preposterous notion that gay marriage will lead to polygamy would be a selling point for Mitt Romney.
do your thing tonight!!
Hey JP, you interested in talking about all this Bucks craziness on Sports Fanatics this weekend?
Come to the Beta Iota Ice Cream Party, Brothers! Tonight by the hot tub in Sweethome @ 7:30!
By the way, we intended no racism with the zoo reference. Have been getting a lot of flak. Sorry to those we offended.
CAN'T WAIT GIRL! You are my
Being poor is a frame of mind. ~ Mike Todd
I think GP or Sevier County's calling my name for next year
In Elementary School Life Was Easy , Now We Have Pregnant Friends , Friends In Jail And Dead Friends.. F*ck Happened? ( Sh!t Got Real )
Gas prices are going down!! Or at least being steady.. and I'm getting money back, thanks to GlobalGasCard!
Barbara Bates is trending, cool!
The free OAuth API is confirmed to be back to full health. ^MG
omg lol I can't with you guys!
he should be a good fit here
696969696969- then I convos would be easier and funnier :) I'm so glad your in my life no matter how much we fight I'll always love you ;)
yep! They were on clearance too for $2 a pack! I restrung my guitar and broke a G the same night at our show
Not surprised Facebook buys #Instagram for $1 Billion cash plus FB equity. Question is, what company will be their next purchase target?
The domino effect....
a nice grandson would let him win
where tf is becca? I'm tryna get it to the liquor store
s/o to my new sexy follower ;)
Shame on you! RT : I hate pumpkin everything. cc
Better Behavior; social, sensory, speech STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 760-772-1000 for info
That's how everyone should feel.
Anyone looking to buy a used car? Selling my 94 HOnda Accord for like $1600. 200K miles, runs well. Message me about it.
You never understand me it was ways about you, another guys tells me to go for my stuff and then your sis doesn't you talking to me like :-(
Well it aint Boston in the playoffs without them choking one away...glad it's game 4 and not a game 6 or 7.
Don<U+2019>t wish it were easier to wine over, wish you were better.
nice knickers
When I find myself wanting to code a 1st Edition Dungeons and Dragons module in Visual Basic, I know I'm old.
ahh lol but that's so not an insult...
She's the best buzz I'll ever find.. I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime.
I hope you know your air drumming sound like shit, moron.
Ooh, yummy. I'll have to take a look!
They say, "Its lonely at the top." So I say "This is good practice."
bases loaded, no outs. that's it yanks!
SXSW is the new xmas for "marketers" RT : 7 #SXSW emails in the last 5 minutes. You're killing me!
I dont what's worse. The Red Sox play or the fact they'll play Sweet Caroline today & everyone will sing along like nothing's wrong. Wake up
"here is the chuch, here is the steeple. open the Double Doors. See all the people at my wedding :)
have faith niggy. Their lineup ain't shiiiittttt compared to ours. We got it
I love love love to shop alone....
Going shopping with my boys is one continuous comedy act! Just as well everyone else around is smiling also.
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 1 HOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D going to the airport at 12:30 with my dad to pick up my brother :D gonna be a good day!
okay so now we need to follow us!
Nuh uh. Professor Lauren taught me all the Guatemala things
you Shouldve known inviting us over would lead to debauchery
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hope it's been a great day!
Imagine if biggie and tupac were still alive...we wouldn't have half of these gay ass rappers in the game if that was so
Ouch, this game is turning ugly. Brewers have played a fairly good game, up until this inning.
And she needs to take BHO with her! Please, let me hold the door for you!
Bus ride to Dallas for our first conference game!!
I'm officially changing my business card title to "Pastiche Design Genius"
Attacked by mosquitoes already ... crap!
Took Yogi to Vet to retrieve one of the girls Toy Tube North Amer. mammals collection. He ate and spit out buffalo, this prob. is the deer.
Hurry up and catch up! The end should be epic!
RT : RT : Nonprofits added jobs faster than for-profits during last 10 years: report
lol Kobe has taken 17 shots. 9 more than the 2nd most on the team
Championship Tuesday in tennis and golf
smg : Held the door open for a green eyed mixed gurl She never cracked a smile or said thank you....Baby girl you still a NIGGA!!
Found out that Paul McCartney LOVED the mix of his song that I did for a Linda McCartney Cancer Foundation benefit record! Today = good day!
My mother needs to say my name right , omg . Its Brandon !
after the flute incident last week, why is #katyperry fake playing the guitar on the AMA's??? N E 1 who plays the guitar can easily tell!!!
Goldust where/how can I get an autographed copy?
lmaoo your as aww lol i love you but imma beat your ass for slobbering on my pillows you foo..
just saw that! I had to look twice to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks! Amazing & congrats :)
I sware if you did anything to it lmao! I liked the note in it too
|#quotes It is a pretty recognizable brand name. Originally it was "Jerry's Guide to the World Wide Web" but we settled on "Yahoo".
<U+201C>: Black Swan crosses $100 million domestic gross today. Congrats !<U+201D> Congrats co-star !
I really want some jack in the box. Minus the horrible service.
Whats you booking email?
someone's gotta be given credit for Bush's budget surpluses, amirite!?
Relationships and friendships are worth fighting for, but not if you're the only one fighting.
Dontcha say (dontcha say) goodbye (goodbye)
slowly losing INTEREST
RT Welcoming canon eos 600d as the newest member of my family :D
I loathe spring allergies
Reading a 500 page book about the history of cancer is probably the most depressing thing ever
it's a driving test kid you got this! :)
Senior Expo at Foundation House in Bothell is going well. Love meeting these folks with their great stories and experiences!
<U+201C>: can you imagine how many hundreds of calls blown over the years before instant replay? championships won/lost?<U+201D> yep
If you're serious about your word, I suggest you start being serious about us.
Resource of the Week: Amazing Animals of the World, includes facts about animals: where it lives, what it eats, and more!...
let the reefer party begin
All is fine
my boyfriend is adorable.
they are already awarded says since 12/25/2011 and when I log in my gamerpic also doesnt show only my gamertag
Can we please revive our COMPANY for Sondehim's bday?! Amirite et al?
The website is live and running.. the votes are crazy already. If u think u've got what it takes..become a member @ theeroticchallenge.com
<U+201C>: Amazing! I never knew Faryn was the matriarch. When did she usurp Jen??<U+201D> after we killed Jen!
is my Netflix really still "retrieving" I hate when it does this..
Just getting in under the deadline. Happy Birthday!
I'm done with my eassy early now I have nothing to do but listen to music n sleep lol :-)
Last reply also best read after elocution lessons. "The rain in Spain..." See also Singing in the Rain: "Cawn't." "CAN'T."
Write your legislators and demand they not recess until reaching a reasonable solution to the debt ceiling crisis.
What car wash?
it is, it really is
Thanks! I'm excited about this video, it's not our usual fare...
Fox News Hires Liz Cheney as Analyst and Substitute Host
Watching a documentary about the Japan earthquake/tsunami and learning about a similarly volatile quake zone off the WA and OR coast.
Are you attending this Oct? We'll be live tweeting, so stay tuned!
ha, not this year!
is it Alex Morgan?
Bengals announce signing of Georgia TE Orson Charles (Rd. 4) & UDFA S Tony Dye of UCLA.
Go ur azz back to sleep
I would say they are spending the money on deliberately corrupting the data
Sometimes I don't even have a clue about my life.Then I realize D day I get them all, my purpose in this world would have been fullfilled.
This traffic tho <<<<<
it's -__- I working though
plz follow. Make my day:) make me scream my lungs out.lol
Every One help get #HappyBirthdayMickeyMouse trending!
Same to you ladies;)
you know when you look at something, then you get pissed off because you looked at it? yeah just did that, fucking rad.
went skydiving. Had a picnic on the beach. Pedicure. Now looking 4 a happy hour. L's b'day
It's really fun being random. Rhinoceros.
Hannah Montana the movie <3
And THANKS! :) There is also a GLBTQ Friendly Merengue Lesson. We'll be promoting on Homo Radio this Sunday Jan 1st!
Kaitlyn's ears are happy and so are we! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer. Happy 4th to you and yours!
so jealous you're at #SpringTraining!
Also, if you're in New Orleans, I'm going on the radio at around 1:45 to talk #Hornets rebranding RE: #Wizards rebranding.
we were all beginners once! Keep skating - LOTS - and connect with our recruitment committee:
I heard that!
it's a PC and i'm just using the one that came with it lol
I watched it, and now I can't unwatch it. I still believe bad music videos are awesome in a clown car wreck sort of way.
When can we expect to see data on awarded city contracts???
#ELLCHAT Did you know that Smart Pens can be programmed to do whatever you want them to do, including speaking other languages?
I'm a #lrnrebels too! Status quo is not in my vocabulary.
The aging of Seann William Scott: not bad. #Goon is incredible.
Pretty sure I don't like Chef Nookie.
but you did call me annoying!(x
He is having a heck of a game on both sides of the chalk
RT We want to be Staten Island's premiere Embroderer/Screener. Our cliental is a who's who of Staten Island
yea they r with sum of da old cast plus killa cam said dat he want in too!
T-Swizzle doin work on that banjo.
just ordered some snow boots and an ugly puffy coat. bring it,
Been sad most of the day. MCA dying. McG leaving Financial woes. Break-up. But, Salvation Army band just cheered me up
Wait a second. Lectureship week is NEXT week...isn't it? (I am so...fried.)
I used. Dope ass app for it :)
I luv my KDA family. They r some of the hardest working kids I know with the most supportive parents. Thank u for believing in me and KDA
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
Kobe didn't carry the load he should have, sad to say.
You'll hear no argument from me bro. RT : haha! none of that sweet talk, banks, we've already both got beautiful gf's.
Yes, and I'm driving to VA to see it with old friends at midnight like a bunch of rebellious 12 year olds.
Hiya and thanks for follow. I used to do that Reading, PA, to NYC run on the Bieber bus! Happy spring to you.
How many Generations of Man vs Man must we slay through before we reach Unification?
Head this way. Im at the 24 hour starbucks finishing papers. It'll be a blast.
Got the apartment ! Hell yea !
thank you for receiving!! Love you!
Addicted to Flipboard and use it almost always on iPad, but iPhone version is SO well done, each entry seems like a little focused jewel.
Poor guy!
Just pre-ordered you book! Looking forward to it!
Why does the weather always have to tease me??
Geez, Carly your slow :p
wait... In memory DB with an fsync per second almost perfectly describes redis.
Miss seeing you! Come to Nashville for a visit!
Local Retro DTV station's depressing Ad sponsors: Funeral Ins, Rx lawsuits, reverse mortgages, replacement catheters, roach killers, etc.
The packers are fan owned, the public house is member owned, and Wisconsin is people owned. Sign the petition. Walker, get owned.
Headed back home this weekend. I love Vegas but Trampa keeps pulling me back in
The new shows on tv today honestly dont compare to the shows when i was younger
Thank you so very much!
No way....that hi?
Are you n the ferry?
happy birthday man. Hmu sometime
All schools will be closed next week. Central offices will be open Mon & Tues but closed the remainder of the week. Happy Thanksgiving!
Congratulations to #BCHockey Men's Team for winning the Hockey East Championship over Maine. Good luck in the NCAA's!
but leaves without my plate....
Breakfast foods always smell so good unf.
I'm GREEN with envy...
lol, i want you.
tonight at 8PM. Can't wait!
we'll see - carissa's got me psyched about twitter! loving the suh stuff!
Throwing random things at people & acting like it wasn't you.
Finally admitting that this syllabus is not going to design itself.
disagree with the article... what is left to say? Let it pass for the present. Fickell's silence is a good thing
#icantstandpeoplethat copying everything from my life. It's just bitch! you know? -_- Fuck them.
I had it as one word as first but couldn't remember if that was right so I changed it
Goodbye Detroit you won't be missed
Is anyone ever nice to ?
wtf who said that haha okay ill go but ill prob pass out!
Hold on to the nights, hold on to the memories <U+266C>
iT ENDED HOW iT ENDED ((iAiNT REALLY TRiPPiN DOE))<U+2665>
I guess I never stopped caring, it just sucks thinking that you did.
planning your retirement your senior year is VERY smart. The earlier you invest, the more you save.
I'm a a dreamer of good dreams.
Thanks! We're so happy to have found you all as well!
that shits right
Applying to '11. Last year was so great, I look forward to what's in store and hope to see some familiar faces this time around.
when you find it let me know, interested in purchasing multiple blocks of time.
& bw3! RT : at bdubs , ran into :) ..now about to enjoy wings with my bday babe
We are energized. We are powerful. We are ready to learn and share our knowledge with others, both in 2012 elections & year-round.
I don't do boonies.
"that hustler just raped me, he raped me good!"
Looking forward to Floyd-Cotto, and Floyd-Merchant too - ESPN (blog)
Feel better!
Filming for Hub :)
15 more minutes of overtime. (Not sure my heart can take this!)
the city of CLE shot the ball really well this year. RT Irving says that award isn't for him as much as it is the city of CLE.
you piss me off
CRAZY news and traffic day. Gotta love Portland.
If you swallow poprocks right away you can hear it in your brain
couldn't find whistles, but I got us funky teeth, sunglasses and bubbles!
Or Guy Clark's "Boats to Build"
I could live in a bookstore or library and be content.
"The land of healing lies within, radiant with the happiness that is blindy sought in a thousand outer directions. - Swami Vivekananda
haha they must have been my brother and sister in laws dogs ha
Trying to figure out what is on the menu for #SkinnyTuesday... Ready for the #WarAgainstFat to be over!!
WTF? Did you get hit in the head by a tennis racket? For the love of fat bassets Phats say it ain't so.
...dangerously AWESOME. i better see you one time.
You use to live alone?!?
Been hard at work non-stop to try and put some new stuff together for everyone.
Q6 Is starting my own biz a fall back plan if I can't get a job?
uh is this about what I think it's about? Cause if it is I will be very happy.
If Memorial Day is for remembrance shouldn<U+2019>t Labor Day be a day we work? Non-Labor Day doesn<U+2019>t have a good ring to it-have a great weekend!
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So I take every opportunity ~ Cameron Diaz
Burnham on *The Travels of Hildebrand Bowman* makes me wonder how teachable the text might be. Pair with *Gulliver's Travels*?
Good Luck today...
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new!
hope i dint freak u out, scare you or offend u in anyway
Thank you for following - the Custom Tailored Clothing Specialists in New York !
can't wait to look at the prom photos that my senior role models, girls, took, i think all three of them were together getting ready too<3
Anything still happening down there?
that has to be my favorite tweet of the month. Go Sato!
great day of data crunching. I have graphs!
groceries for my family : Tank of gas : What<U+2019>s the most expensive luxury item you have bought recently?
Joseph Arthur - Honey And The Moon - 10:10 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
teach me how to tweet some more
few have seen, all can never forget.
this will make more sense when you see the Draw Something thing, but : I meant Dec. 23rd
Congrats to for winning 4 tickets to tomorrow's game! Thanks to everyone who entered!
Peace, love and Music!
I want a sunbed!!
Brilliant! Tasty? RT And here is our coveted 'Currytini' #cocktail in all its glory! pic.twitter.com/DAuCI9y
RT : soca music came and set me free << LIVE SOCA!!
Have you checked out the historic sound that has been runnin the streets?
"Come Morning" is getting organized. Principal filming begins on October 8th in Kingsland, Arkansas.
6th Period Was Stupid...... & Lame.. All them Fucking Special Kids Messin With Me & All Them Fake Friends
Which one? Picstitch?
Great! Would love to be kept in the loop! I work with & - have yummy products & proudly
Why I just came across Brian McKnight new song If you ready to learn this dude talking bout let me show you how your Pussy wrk...smh
RT if u love Harry Potter or Selena Gomez <U+2665>
YEAH MAYBE?
if you don't, I'll tell Wonder on you.
Gearing up for a fantastic lemur event with our friends at The Bronx Zoo!
Needs some GD!!
That is a LOT! With that many teams, that would make sense though! Many MANY variables! That is what makes it fun though!
I actually did when I was going to pick up Foster and I promise I thought of you!! Lunar or whatever you told me blah blah <U+0001F61C>
Dropped by party earlier w/ , but you were filming. Thx for VIP invite! You're working w/ a classy crew!
isn't it a little distracting to be talking about your coaches status a few hours before game 7?
"You're where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be..."
Hope you'll join us at this month's Green Drinks #GSO on 9/21, 5:30-7 pm, The Green Bean.
hates swagger jackers!
Funny, I actually watched this earlier today
has the best St. Patrick Day joke.
of course. Still worth checking out though!
OMG! Myers is in. Thank you Astros! Only hope we have
#Tequila #tech and #wine ~ the perfect way to kick-off the weekend!!
pretty much...they don't believe and mike wanted it cuz he was talking shit #sportsauthority already called me though :)
Good convo at #SXSW about "Branded Documentary Films". Follow along at
Enjoying a glass of wine before seeing So excited!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a "your company sucks" FB page. -
m hmm...I see ya
Thank you :) We are humbled by your kind words!
Loved it! (Except for the part that it's still a kid's cartoon and I could quote lines I've never heard word for word.) :-)
i know what you mean--grant finally insisted that i upgrade..which means that he upgraded too.
I can't breathe without you but I have to.
Yo dis little Sixth Grade girl got the nerves to tell me I'm too young to be in love. Girl Bye!!
congrats JP, big end of year wins for you guys
Many Moods of Ben Vaughn came just in time to save a poopy Saturday. Saturday begins anew.
Its kool I enjoy it
I see looking fresh !
Daps for Marni, who makes a beautiful shoe that can endure a long night.
thanks for the follow! I'm excited to see what urb_im produces.
I'm kicking some doors down! Drive deserved an #OscarUpset in Sound Editing! The entire movie was led by the audio!
stop by and visit our booth!
EVERYTHING is on my flash drive. Lawd <U+E413><U+E411>
Good Morning everyone sending coffee to all xo
and who u laid up wit?
J'adore Montreal!
Who sent the flowers? =o
haha did you show her the picture of him with the glasses?
Which era would you prefer to live in?
Do I need to send some sandbags up to the citizens of Kentucky to stop the Ohio River flooding?
Try this out
Realest bitches of #BGC8 were and
i have a file named designersruinjokes.txt that I add to regularly
Footage of being built during a trip to the La Brea Tar pits in the mid-'60s. Plus Jungleland: an elephant taking a bath
Im fucking dope and this is my reward
You can still get them online after the pre-order it just doesn't come with the big extras, you'd still get stickers.
*fart noise
cant sleep, maybe i should start counting sheep.
Dude just get off twitter and get some time to yourself.I'm sorry to say but seeing her twitter is just fueling your depression.
dat boy said "hold up let a nigga pour up young freak bitch eat dick till she throw up" nigga u hard on them beats
or wait until she gets drunk and just leave ;D MAN I want to go!!!! WAAAAHHHHHH Just another month and a half and maybe I will :)
It seems really unlikely that the #Celtics will get Chris Paul in a trade for Rondo, but if it did happen, it would be awesome.
Listening to #tweet.#learn.#lead but geared to educational leaders...oops
my back hurts I feel like <U+0001F475>
Thanks Hannah! I lost mobility in part of my right hand but I'm hoping it's only temporary : /
Before I go, just want to let the world know that I had a strange dream involving Hugh Jackman, a closet, & a flashlight that didn'r work.
400 M FB fans, each averaging 6 1/2 hrs per month on the site. That is more than 100 M days on FB of time monthly. Think about that.
a great meeting today with the chicago literary alliance! keep your eyes out for a webpage announcement. putting chicago lit on the map.
you had me at caramelized ramp.
"Status quo is off the table". Watershed moment for college football may be upon us. I'd love to see a playoff format.
Haha I'm scheming right now.
Ima take my talents to South Beach....
Money Money Money - Money! Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
Subway foot long (: <U+263A><U+0001F374>
so it's new york
I love you to <U+2764><U+E056>
I just suggested to my soccer playing step-daughter at U of A, to try out for #Arizona #Wildcats Field Goal kicker. She can't be any worse.
yea, artists already have the little "links" page with their friends' sites, why not a step further?
watching the race Sunday?
About 41% of consumers are eating pizza once per week, compared to 26% two years ago, according to Technomic's Pizza Consumer Trend Report
you're a beast Kelly! In a you-can-fucking-drink-daily kinda way! Love reading all your shit! :)
M Super Yummy Breakfast. Slow cooked steel cut oats with, cranberries, blueberries, walnuts, almond milk and walnuts.
'Swamp People' cast member dies of natural causes: A man who relies on insulin claims United Airlines and federal agents put his heal...
Now watching the webs favorite film The Devil Inside.
Well in my country we are being torn between are loyalty to are long time allies and the tweets are keeping us awake sigh...
is there any way i can search for instagrams where other users have tagged me?
Am trying to get excited about Snow Leopard, but it's not that sexy. I guess I'll settle for calm satisfaction, which doesn't suck.
I've never had that one. What kind of salt do the use?
Lol.Going through my timeline. Augs, you're such a bitch.Haha. Other people seem to think so,cause I lost followers.You're fired.
chillin and you
not that I am a bitter loser mind u. LOL not me...:)
i am getting excited about #pbl but anxious that my being a new teacher plus a high poverty setting may make it ungraspable
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Andrew Kennedy
im already following you
THAT COULD NEVER BE TRUE
Crazy night.. as expected. Thanks for hanging out w/me! RT : My man is killing it!
AJAA refs got layed off due to recession and the NBA picked them up!
Scratch "Buffalo Wild Wings" off yer #mnleg Senate bingo card (credit Sen Nelson) cc
Miss u all <33
Happy Thanksgiving!! Thank yiu
These stupid pants go almost all the way down and then stop so everyone can see your bony anklebones stick out. WHY?
13 excluding weekends
i have to ask. what is Namaste
Nikon Store's email offer this week ... wait for it! It's ... "FREE 2nd Day Shipping!" (Hard to get all hot and excited about that one)
I stay high cuz the world is so low.
<U+201C>: I thing I just found my future wife at this concert<U+201D> bro..which one was she hahah
QWiPS appreciates the accolade! Enjoy using our App!
I notice I speak a little to early on things.
Romney cleaned house with the "Republicans who listen to NPR demographic."
Bitch I'll respond 2 anything I want
like my man Justin Timberlake says Cry me a river!
I hate how in basketball all these girls are all in your grillBut in Probasketball there not Make me so mad -__-
Be On Endless Moves !.
Hey don't know if you know but we are engaged
newww piccc, kinda blurry on twitter for some reason
haha I've never heard of these songs lol but I like that one song by bruno mars it will rain!
sometimes i wonder why we're even friends......
What a great atmosphere! Honduras takes the lead again with just over five minutes to go! 3-2 over El Salvador
Tried wearing organic? Be surprised with high-qual organic cotton-you feel great. Softer, durable.Save the pesticides. Not bad for a tee?
Hey Pete, don't let the door hit your vagina on the way out.
when you find out let me know
Can almost guarantee now iv left my house it will start raining
I was a compliment dude
i need someones num so we can chat ecept for boys
Just remembered I got drill this weekend ..
I do get flirty when drunk tho so be warned lol
Low fat low cal, right?<U+201C>: pork confit tamales: thyme cured pork hocks baked in pork fat with whipped confit fat in the masa<U+201D>
no commitments just subbing. Then a few tournies with my old teams.
What is it about the loneliness and desolation of the train platform that makes it the only place I ever get hit on?
Wait<U+2014>you're SELLING these, Hakeem?!
Squats + Deads = All you can eat
hope you feel ok
Virginia! I had SO much fun with you this weekend! Keep doing what you love and DANCE! One last time:
Truth. Good when contagious, too. RT : "You can't teach passion. You have to hire passion." #thepitch (True for all biz, not just ad.)
I am at a GSA type event on the transgender community here at Columbia, be proud you
Describe your experience with energy work in 1 word.
I will be the best librarian. Patron: "Hey, this site won't load, what gives"? Me: "Bet it's broken. Give up now, sweet cheeks."
Yes sir!
I ALWAYS READ IT REALLY FAST WHILE SCREAMING IT IN MY HEAD...
Happy birthday to Matt Harvey! 26 years old it is pretty damn good!)) all the best, bro!
LOL, at least it's not all the sparkly vampires on mine
New to stores this fall, Breaking Bad flash cards! Don't just teach spelling! Teach important life lessons too(i.e.runningamethlab)!-A.M.
- man I can't believe Sapp would start that nonsense. Smh
#SpotTheShuttle #Discovery and Washington Monument are all trending worldwide. The power of D.C. nerddom is not to be underestimated.
Ah<U+2026> Or, I prefer saying "Shut Up." Ha Ha Ha
RT Excited to learn more about - clearly a leader at #2012GSNC & in the field!
I hope I don't go to school tomorrow probably I won't plus I am really sick!!! And the teachers said I could go back when I feel better yey!
RSVP: Fun Little Movies
nigga please I gotta note & then I got another appt dis afternoon. Excused. !!!!
... The caffeine is kicking in... time to get things done!!!!!!!!!!!
Lmao its like a porn scene!
<U+201C>: My cowboys bullshittin<U+201D>
Your body so perfect, its just right for me
Lill Studio on Armitage. You choose the style, fabric, inside and straps. They make it. It was fun!! 904 W Armitage
look up bejeweled blitz 2 on facebook. It's even more addicting
what's that turtle trying to tell you?
We like keeping our music a secret from you guys hahaha we might release a secret soon :D
I just gave u the silent treatment for 1 hr
Drama schrama, Stacy Francis can sing! Great job !
He's no Anthony Weiner, but I'm sure Hancock lends itself to just as many late night jokes...
Thinking you might die in a cab always sucks.
Bored on my day off ugh
Did he claim there was an error in the reporting?
Orale, indeed! If only it weren't raining all day we might actually enjoy a Oaxacan Friday afternoon as lovely as any other!
If you had $2,500 to spend on your personal professional development, how would you spend it? Workshop, retreat, seminar, conference ideas?
Keg party?
Fong Chanthavong was leaving for a 3mos vacation to Thailand tomorrow. Her bags are sitting her house, already packed.
Hanging with sc crew at PAC bell park watching the giants vs brewers
I HATE when people reply with a one letter text. How the fuck am I suppose to work with "K."
Every morning has a new beginning, a new blessing, a new hope. It's a perfect day coz it's God's gift. Have a blessed day. Good a.m. !!!
I'm pretty sure Rossie odonnel has more chest hair then I do
Chicken and biscuit Potpie-AWESoME!!!
@ the end of the day it'll pay off @ least u won't b one of these chics with mad kids many baby daddy's and no life-props 2 u
I know, right? I've noticed that too.
The mom from good luck charlie <U+0001F44D>
Wed. night @ TryOuts is drag night! open to all 18 & up. BYOB! Join us @ 5500 Babcock
hopefully the neighborhood will get some peace.
#Trump sent a terrible message selecting #Arsenio, who was extremely unprofessional & verbally abusive to
I started off the day by walking into a huge spiderweb. I feel like I need a shower now.
My life is forever over!!!!
sipping that dr pepper and playing with the pen and useless shit we don't care about
#Chinesefiredrill say what? ;)
At least I think I do.
follow me please!(:
So hot in my office today...yeowza... gonna have to wring out my socks... sheesh!
I like hearing myself chew so i do it loud, just wanted to share!
Loading up my car to get it down to the Douglas County Fairgrounds. See YOU tomorrow morning!!
If you tell I ask for too much then that means I'm too much for you..
wow...4 home runs in one game,,,
I can't believe made me watch such a terrible movie.
The jacket my mom sent me smells like wood stove. The smell of home.
<U+201C>A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.<U+201D> <U+2013> John Steinbeck
Looks like the BGC is going to start playing in the Blacklight sandbox!
Im in love with your personality and smile. Is that to weird? xD
Kinda wish my boyfriend wasn't high most of the time :/
Heat got blowed out.
I think as a female.as your age increases.u should decrease dancing with your hands on your knees........
Someone nbox me!!:)
seriously wtf is wrong with people i swear they get off on making fun of others
Serious??!! Live game every time!! (TiVo Sunday)
tf? Who throws a closed can away
I wonder if feels stupid now that she realizes Suzie effed up
#nf sexy ass #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she's a
And if you have a problem with my last tweet, then that's your own fault. You know who you are, if you were involved with any of that crap.
Oh and one more thing before I go ! I love ALL my fans, i just can't notice everybody that's why i'm doing this whole new twitter thing.
So fuckin glad its Friday!! It would be really fuckin awesome if you all put us in you #FF's! Thanks guys.
Even though it isn't spelled correctly, Semin trending makes me giggle.
Finished the chapter in my book on my time working for Red Hot Chili Peppers in the early 90s tonight. Fond memories.
Just listening to the #bulls game
I'm gonna talk to my sister this week about it. She has a big house here & would love to downsize.
Enjoying the Google home page this morning - not sure what the occasion is, but it's cute.
+1 was there last night! // RT : Founding Farmers. Go there.
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!
So, I'm looking for a new #workout #playlist any suggestions? I'm open to most anything. Just no opera during the workout.
REALLY?! What did he say?!
hahah. Does she cut hair? I had no idea that I got his number until two weeks later and i was like uh who the fuck is that?
policy & program director Stephanie Altman delighted to be in #DC for Health in Mind
it's shooting now, may 2013
ok I did my part. Your turn.
And I happen to know that at least two of the four Dot libraries are just dismal.
buy me candy >:D
On My Mind, All Day, Angle Angle (new), and Not Just You :)
simply addicted to each other <3
whatever the heck just happened was apparently enough to warrant an alert on tv.
I love my grandma with her short self lol
Off to school big math test today:/
your dad works for CNN?
#CGI is using #MarkLogic to revolutionize
Wow did someone really make a twitter with the username ZaynsAvocado.
Did anyone else wonder why Matt was taking Liz's son out to see a movie? Aww, that's nice...but...wuzzah???
<U+00AB> You're right.. I am crazy. But you know what else? I don't give a fuck.<U+00BB>
beach round 2 <U+2600>
Nice work yesterday for Milwaukee day.
Q: do you think you've been able to positively impact the view of day laborers in any way?
Happy new year to my BRO !
On getting a call from the bush white house says: "I'm from NYC. In NYC you can go a whole day without even seeing a republican."
our family dog ate a tube of super glue once. amazingly he was unscathed.
No matter how much we wish to impede our progress, we cannot. We are either doomed to repeat it or we create forward.
When he argued it is where I meant it.
oh shit, well I better catch up to you!
awesome - we love QGIS here too. Great for working with really large files and then publishing through GeoCommons. thx for feedback
#BecauseofObama, America is weaker and poorer.
Awesome! I'll have to catch the Colo Spgs showing!
thank you for your beautiful crystals, gems and healing! I cant wait to learn more and grateful for Staregazers!
Cyber Monday/Black Friday sale! Use code blackfriday10 & get 10% off; buy 2+ items & get 5% more back! www.bethanyrosedesigns.etsy.com
Does your dog have a phobia? What is the weirdest thing that scares your pup? We wanna hear about it! Maybe you even have a pic...
I need talk to you before I go down to South America. I really want to check out chile and Argentina after I volunteer in Peru
give us an answer,
Thank you. RT: <U+201C>: i just listened to crush me, hey there delilah cover and you belong with me cover. AMAZING!!<U+2665><U+201D>
Yeah. I know what you mean. I still do the wrong thing when an entire pitcher of something is spilled. Only it usually isn't water.
Memphis B-word? Smh u just too cute girl
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile when sees this tweet and goes imma RT this chick and Follow her(; <3
!! Really? RT: So excited to finally reveal my next movie at Pixar: a story set in the world of the holiday Dia de los Muertos.
Just dropped by the booth at #FAIAC11 - Proud to do business with them
okay like bel-air cantina quality.
I like the Foaming Hand Soap best.
just living it up!
The opposite of love isn't hate or indifference. It's interpersonal politics.
Happy B-Day Weezy.....F....BaeBee we love yhu
Shake Ure butt, shake shake Ure butt.
a perfect day, for the perfect couple...so glad to share it! : )
knows how to throw a party - their Magnum Event was a Magnum full of fun and great food and wine - great experience...
Jamming on #guitar today
#iampaula ur so sweet hearted i love how amazing u are an ur just so inspirational (:
Started today with great news. :-)
semi annual attempt to tell you I bought a sweatshirt in hopes of getting a follow
Thank you so much for the #ff!
I thank god for hotels like the North Hill Renaissance that have real hot water...not that yucky luke warm mess.
were starting to look scared out there...
Ah, try to hurry.
yeah! Haha! :D I'm gonna get off here. Text me.
Congrats to : Great win over Waco Midway 5-2. Katie (3), Sara and Megan G combine for the goals. Wonderful defensive display!
RT : RT : Have a YouTube Channel! Have Subscribe Buttons! Give a Reason to Subscribe! says Paul
omg, from where?
SF and Baltimore blew it....How about "fundamentals" PRO'S..It is the play offs..Oh well
Unintentional comedy is always the funniest.
Just heard that Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill will be opening on the East bank of the Flatts!!!! BIG YAY for Cleveland!!! Woohoo!
Great baserunning by Vandy:"back on a line drive!!"
jewels, pets live, and grid droid
Love my colleagues. It wouldn't be the same without them.
To say that it's the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
Fifty shades book one done
i sure will follow i Always follow #CeNation fans
I haven't seen at #JLWL12. We miss you.
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to checkout your digs!
Saxon Pub. Hill Country Live Showcase. If you're anywhere else tonight, you're not at
ahh...yea thats not good my mama , step mama,and step daddy smoke...
lucky you. I have had far too many lately. Spam followers too. Darn.
Want to learn about #RelationshipDevelopmentInvervention? We are offering education courses online and in person!
It's 's fault that I just inhaled a bag of sour path kids and a bag of gummy worms. Why did you let me but them?!? Haha
Cool , Cool do you work?
And yet I would have thought if you're watching on NFLN, you probably already know about games on Thursday nights.
Pick up your yellow coupon book at any participating store and start saving today! Spend $50 at any Maui Mall and receive a FREE gift!
I took a minus, now the hard times are behind us, turned it to a plus..
Let's hope not!!! RT From experience? RT : Dating someone in your ward is like peeing in a pool....
You're lucky you can get on Pottermore!
This Saturday help by leaving a bag of food near your mailbox for your letter carrier to collect.
Thanks for the RT! Do you have any to add to the list?
something wrong with tht right. I love you boo :-* and thanx again.Bad! Bahahaha
Not sure how to start when cold-calling folks for interviews. Usually: "HELLO I'M FROM THE NEWS WHATEVER YOU SAY WILL BE INDEXED BY GOOGLE"
What the world need now is love
Gn. Sad n tired
I never get tired of The Green Mile. One of Stephen King's best works!
ill only bring it if there is a ZERO chance of rain
#ireallywant to curse..but its nearly impossible for it to come outta my mouth
RT: <U+201C>: Less than 500 followers to reach 10,000! Who will put us over? Stay up-to-date w/
like I said - Cubs + Marcum = home runS
u need a spot? I'll get karcher up there for ya!
The people that I follow be having good tweets only late night .
tell her I said I wanted to start over & go slow ...
That's not cool
And New England loses next week because half the team will be suspended...
lol ok! It's weird, I saw your profile picture and you looked like her! Man this is weird
All you can eat tacos start now. $4.50. Come on in to
<U+201C>: I'm not rooting for anyone in the NBA Playoffs nearly as hard as I'm rooting against the #Thunder. #NOKC<U+201D> Agreed!!
March Madness is heating up! Come enjoy our great happy hour while watching March Madness on 3 screens!
#occupysd occupiers criticizing jounos for parachuting in and running out w/out getting full story at meeting.
Dinner tonight? Green Curry Mussels - Fresh Prince Edward Island mussels cooked with coconut green curry, peppers, basil and spinach! $10
it should be a zoning law that every neighborhood have one!
Great presentations on social media by and !
New on draft. #DuClaw Exile.
aha thanks! (: my chubby little costume..(;
Liter Night. Come in and have drinks with us.
Solid Legal Tweets you should be following
Doing some research and came across a "sheet and pillowcase party" in the 19th century. Did this influence the K's costumes?
This class couldn't end soon enough
I can't wait! RT : I'll see you at Ohio State this week. I'm at #kipcamp getting savvier about social media!
have a good time!
you are so hot!! :D
...and I'm the realest nigga you'll ever know! Seems like we have a lot in common!
How are you getting around in HI?
Amazing turnout and support at the Rindone Re-election Rally! Even ran into my 7th grade teacher here!
RT : Wednesday at The Meltdown, see Ron Babcock, Brent Weinbach, Sara Schaefer, Anthony Jeselnik and more!...
Thanks for the follow, Jack!
THOSE THAT KNO, GET IT/ THOSE THAT DON"T KNO.. NU FLAVA 4 THE LEADERS & THAT BE GENERALS WE GOT U !! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
I spend a lot of time on this diet not eating.
RT : before people were brands
*throws up*
hey buddy! How are you? No #boogies I hope. That print didn't make it to you yet?
Watchin robot chicken
we forgive you.
In the call -- made on March 21 -- Michael says my girlfriend attacked me in my apartment and then I told her I was calling the police
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, everyone!
I'm sick and tired of hearin' about what a great hockey team Philly has. Screw 'em! This is your time!!
I can't wait to play hockey this coming winter! :)
I see ur making moves into the party house!!
Ready for some HOUSE music tonight w/my boi
looool even on turntable he called him self "king troller" XD
when coming up here
is the biggest Pirates fan in the world!
No...in Kentucky, heading back to LA due to some airline complications and such.
Thank you, Sarah! And nice to see you briefly last week!
Even Einstein once said, "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." Consider your #art. edit #edit edit
"The women of this generation will help lead the way. It is simple math: you are half its workforce." Obama to #barnard2012 graduates.
LIKE this if you're coming to the Burrito Eating Contest! Two days to go!!!
you should follow me!
FT discrepancy in the series is 148-94.
Political Correctness is a doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical, liberal minority...
No problem anytime! :D
free market proponents are supporting a totalitarian communist regime in China which enslaves a nation of powerless and poor...
must change it up or you will plateau due to muscle memory.
Had a great time last night w/ and others
MusicalStop.com Home of the INDEPENDENT ARTIST!
OMG I LOVE YOU GUYS SM~ GREAT PERFORMANCE
So, the AWP writer's conference is sold out. I'm pissed.
:( I will have check it out tomorrow. Should not have been a problem!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. www.mytservice.com
Puns are MY territory. You stay away.
i dont know when ill be in nyc again. travis and i dont talk anymore and i have no $$$
Ok this ref just sent Adu off for a "dive" that wasn't. Wow, #MLS refs.
I also have screen shots of the #pfz streem that I'm going to sort through tomorrow, gonna put the highlights in a separate post...
MT TONIGHT | WisEye is covering Common Cause in WI w/Sen. Larson, Rep. Richards, former SC Justice Geske and Rep. Honadel
Time for a hike...where are those snowshoes
Love my friends.
Let them help make your household budget & then their own RT : Q5. If you have kids..how do you teach them about debt?
haha I looked through the credential list from the game... but I've been pretty good... how about yourself??
Worship service
oh Twitter. You have no idea how excited I am for my interview on Monday. New York Publishing dreams are coming true!
I love it when you can tell you've been followed by a spam bot, especially when the company is state specific and not in yours....
having lunch with your mama 4 her bday.
you guys up for margaritas?
So I told him and he doesn't believe me.
Come on C's
It sucks knowing that you come second to the person you put first.
Hmm, no, actually slipping knitwise puts a twist into the stitch, so there's probably a specific reason.
you a Que bruh. All yawl can grille. Hahahaha
Best she has ever looked!
Thinks it is clear that Kroger's has no idea how late Easter falls this year. Guys, it's not even Lent yet.
On the entrance ramp to the highway of life at the moment....
<U+201C>: Keeping just got harder. May have no choice soon.<U+201D> how did it get harder
i feel like playing some zombies.
You can tell this Bo Ryan thing isn't very serious. If it was, would've added "-Gate" to the end of it.
follow if u want vip to kod follow we got hot party comeing up
YOU ARE SO LUCKY. lol, our group hasn't chosen topics.
Paul Nauert is all over the place tonight (for both #Rays and #As) and it's only the second inning.
<U+201C>: We live in a world where it's legal to get an abortion but illegal to throw flour at Kim Kardashian.<U+201D>
I'm a loser now I used a spoon... Blahh :) Lmfao:)
Okay. :P
The new Display network tab tries to simplify things but really makes optimization much more complicated.
Wow! Thanks for letting me know. :) Fabulous tumblr!
3 hrs 30 min left on this overnight shift!
RT : We're the proud recipient of the Governor's Points of Light award for corporate volunteer programs, thx 2 our employees!
Blackest heart. Genocidal murderer of minorities. America has fallen.
the shining by stephen king
I'M A NINJA
Life is definitely not easy:\ That's awesome:) I'm probably just going to study, plan my party, & probably go to the movies:)
To make your success off tearing down someone else's character,makes you a sad sad individual.
The Circus Tour is underrated and will forever be the greatest show on earth
I just saw the worst car crash on the 60 freeway. Holla, for being alive.
Isn't it #justsilly to start a "99% enough" war? We org with parents in Lynwood, SLA, etc. and we live there too
In that case I would go with Freeman because then you don't have to waste an early round pick on a QB
thx everyone! I luv it here!
Nope, it's from years ago (2003, acc ) and was just called Coupling - straight-up remake
come home now...I will have a queso burrito waiting lol
Count how many "heart healthy" messages you hear today. Is your employer sending one? Happy Valentines Day!
bout to get in tha showa maybe it'll help me get to sleep
you as well.
lol ok I see you have a fan base!
At the world premiere of "When the Bough Breaks". Very powerful documentary about the Center for Child Protection in Austin
RT : Got asked today, 'How long have you actually worked here?' I replied 'Since they threatened to fire me...'
sir my kik username is simeone135
<U+201C>: Who playing in the Nba tonight.. Shit boring..<U+201D><-------
One word to describe that game: DEFINITIVE. Real Madrid are for all intents & purposes 2012 La Liga Champions after a brilliant performance
Ozzie Guillen suspended five games by the Marlins - He is going to spend them in Cuba on vacation at Fidel's private villa in Varadero
I've got so much shit to do it's not even funny.
It's too bad the Mavs couldn't raise the banner over the Bulls tonight.
thanking for following us!
The Israeli music at #SXSW Festival continues today starting w/ at 7:15p at the Firehouse Lounge (6th & Brazos).
Am I the only one that hears "I've got to move that 'gina" instead of Moves Like Jagger ? TMI about your vagina, dude.
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Watching Hangover 2!! 20 minutes in & I am laughing my a$$ off, I don't care if it the same story!!
My yoga studio is offering $10/class special, so I'm taking it as a sign that I need to get back to yoga.
Wow sugar shane was going at canelo like a speed bag
Why don't you ever learn Yajaira! ugh.
ha ha I'm gonna take you with me if you want the summer is the best time to go there we go there for a month when we go
If your from texas mainly Dallas Ftworth area could you give us a mention?? We could use local followers so we can sell tix :) thanks!!
I didn't second guess myself, but I got stumped: plural of Camry... I ended up circling it, with a note: "refer to in-house guide"
Please rain!
makes sense. if all else fails i'll just bug my rep, haha
Have you tried our famous burger w/ cheese curds,bacon jam, arugula, garlic mayo& roasted tomatoes? If not, shame on you...
George Saunders has mentioned Tolstoy and Chekhov. Another writer at Key West Literary Seminar acknowledges the Russians
connect with me! Lol
yeah I don't think we can be friends anymore..
About to lay down in a minute; but wide awoke that's crazy
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time around. You are your network." Smart stuff
Great news for Arizona court reporters today!!! Congratulations!
hahaha..good one!
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you also read Runelords? They're creating that a production too. Vote for actors
It might be mine
I cant take a short dude seriously
Personal training at Equinox and been getting ready for a CFL tryout next Sat.
My pride time sucks<<<< #dafuckiswithpeople!
Adults bullying teens on fb? Really?? Proud of Lexi for knowing exactly who she is. She has the power to let it all go!
tell then we need diff paid mods. Im srs fed up!!!!
Well that settles it; im gonna make these wrongs rights.
Funny... People who dont have a twitter and then just make one think this is the hardest thing in the world to use Haha
Wishing u a Great Tuesday to u all Stay
Alex I <3333333333333333333 not much more to say
<U+201C>: tell Sister Fitness I wish I lived closer! I loved them!<U+201D>
That's awesome! Care to share some advice/encouragement to others trying to make the jump?
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle diary of a mad titty
....so far its an epic fail lol
doin it right.
Maybe Carmageddon will force me to memorize my lines for this short film.
Where is the 30&over crowd partying tonight.
No More Country on &#39;Idol,&#39; but a Soul Powerhouse Emerges
#wcphilly #day2 : "Ticket #13536: "the 3.0 milestone is getting sparse. I'm afraid the tickets that are left m<U+2026>
The Carolina Hurricanes sue hip hop artist Tyrone Banks for prodcing a song about the franchise,hopefully Banks will call the Cochran firm!
glass in the face... whoa there.
So much to do today at school BLAH! Augh... Hahaha
Get outta everyone's business!
Happy birthday to my brother #richard gahhh! Your getting old haha love you <3
Yeates killing 'pure chance', court told
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my dreams.
Kid N Play > LMFAO
Hot coffee plus snow showers equals a perfect Saturday morning.
#20songsilove this old man
3D brain doesn't adapt to 2D world. Same for accepting different people. In old world we suspect differences. Today these are new markets
Happy palm Sunday! Easter is next Sunday... Remember why we celebrate... Not for the eggs and candy but Jesus
Went to hot topic and left w/ chapstick. I never find anything to buy when I come here.
China Information Technology to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results ... - MarketWatch (press release)
what happened?
"Wld have came back 4 u I just needed time 2 do what I had to do, caught in the life, I can't let it go"
Which measurement tools do I need? Depends on needs & budget.
Please stop by The Clarion story meeting today at 3:30 in room 131 right next to The Clarion office
Landlord has not yet put up screens; random outdoor thumps highly likely to be squirrels running into a propped-open storm window. :)
I don<U+2019>t trust people very easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don<U+2019>t make me regret it.
Shout out to all our new followers. Much love to all of you and Good bless.
Three days without a phone was enjoyable. Bars tonight anyone?
said it best in #welldone! Just wanna make it to heaven. Just wanna make it in! That's being and icon in the kingdom!
go to sleep; good night ;)
Downey & Cumberbatch are the ying and yang (or is that yang & ying?) of Sherlock. I, being an integrated personality, love them both. :P
RT <U+201C>: I think that it's symbolic that it's a problematic hashtag. #alt #altac #mla12 #s595<U+201D> Agreed!
Endtroducing DJ Shadow blowing my mind again like it did 15 years ago. It's easy to forget.
See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
Alright, that's enough of me clogging up your timelines <U+0001F60A>
I just recently backed up as well, it was scary losing all the data, pictures, memories, notes you've collected over the years.
The ugly mug was a great time. Great stage, sound and lights. Looking forward to tons of great shows up there. (via )
Congrats Justin <3 we love you so much.
Thanks so much for the follow :)
?? RT : You should be good to go within the hour. ;-) ^SM
would love to meet you guys, fellow denverite. Let me know if you'd like to grab a cold one.
Coffe shop knows me by name
Its goin down
What's on the menu this weekend for the #superbowl? Let us know and we'll tell you how to make it #healthier (but still just as delicious)!
the poster was on "perpetual beta" processing: feedback + iteration
Same here. Eff wind!
A leader is a dealer in hope. Napoleon Bonaparte
RT : Fabric Scrap Bracelets: Here is a quick and easy kid fabric project that was fun for my 6 year old. I started by......
need idea re: how to make a cornucopia for my program on Monday....
Shout out to "I will never kneel!" awesome fucking band.
#AGirlJustWants to hear you cry in divorce court
I think we need to get the band back together bro
The 2 walk-off grand slams by Votto and Stanton on Sunday was the first time that has happened in 14 years.
tell my MAMA AND DAD THAT !!!!!
Got on the radio, rolling into Lawrence.
I vaguely remember a dream last night about having an angry conversation with a Raiders fan. We must be close to football season!
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
It has picked up here in the vendor hall of the BYU Genealogy Conference. Must be lunch time.
Ha! Only one in mine. But I'm bad about using it.
Gearing up for New York International Gift Fair next week! So excited! Come see all our cool new products in Booth 7849!
Just landed in Geneva.
Sex sounds good right now
good choice!
thanks for the conversation. Good luck to you!
yaaaay your kinda cute too
Great random Valentine's Day culminating in good food, good drink, and good music. Actually great on all of those.
Its so annoying that "a lot" isnt spelled as one word
ya shoe game be on point <U+0001F44D>
Kettering Health was on top for #DaytonJobs posting in Jan-Feb with 480 postings!
That quote about the unwilling working for the ungrateful doing the impossible for the unworthy? Yeah that.
Winning swag sheen !
So many athletes this week tore their ACLs.. hope they all can have a speedy recovery
Awesome photo, sir!
": #Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez. #MLB"
Can I just work as a blogger for the rest of my life, instead of going to grad school? *Pouts*
You know that moment when you look at someone an you think try are trailer trash and then they are. Yep that's what's going on
Thanks Gwyn! How are you these days?
ireally do have the best gf on the planet.
Hahaha I heard about this story, she did have some sort of chicken wrap!
U should call me.
the trash of western culture has never been so tastefully arranged.
Boom! If you guys want to get robbed by a smoking hot hooker can make it happen.
": #omw Back to the Dot!! Had an amazing time with #Haroun #Slim, And the girls LOOOL" You know, You know
When you look at me you see a happy 12 year old girl, but when you get to know me you realize im not that girl, My Life Sux.
Can this month fly?
To me the young crowd can hear more about what's going on & seniors can share pics of their grandkids during story time.
I wanted six on that drive..
I'll probably put a trimmed-down free version out at some point after the next release (more features coming eventually).
Who else got a fucking ticket on hook today!?
I need a 24 hour fitness card
Is this a customer experience that you'd actually use?
What a comeback!! Again, thank you Marmol!!
OK Just making sure
after countless attempts, I FINALLY got my KCCO t-shirt order in from FTW!
he is though!!!
Oh My goodness I Hear Prodigy ! (: I Must be Hallucinating B/c I see him and Hear His Sexy ass Voice (; ! Ahh.ustream was a good invention
TY4Tweet - we are so close ...
yea man I'm actually in Orlando right now.came down to find an apartment..we need to meet up if you have time nxt week
thanks girl! Im just trying to get on your level of fierce!!
i love you twistan
*makes some tea in my travel mug, and grabs a couple of granola bars, grapes and a candy bar.Goes out back door, heading past barn to woods*
I am sad that there is no more 30 Rock ever now.
Am I the only one who feels bad changing 94.9? -___-
The Dilemma was a pretty funny bromantic comedy.
hey Vicki, have you checked out my app ? It does EXACTLY this - Common Core in the cloud :)
Suggestion <U+2013> Fifth, Business contacts and audience looks in your eyes, the clearer your eyes the more attractive you will be perceived.
Hahaha what's wrong with being a news junkie? (Although I know the answer to that)
I hate not being able to fall back asleep
Awww.... Thank you!! Very sweet. :)
Oops, you forgot Ponder.
39,002 crowd at the XBox Pitch at CenturyLink Field. Not bad on a Wednesday night.
Can finally see the thumbnail photos on TweetDeck. What caused this glorious change? Using the same computer....?
You're a genius! Thank you, Cooper!
2 schools of thought: Bring me a #GinAnd7. Do it
awesome! We hope you'll like it!
very odd. Unsettling. But despite the violence, I loved slow mo elevator scene.
i'll pass on tai chi but will gladly take a chai tea.
Im all up under him like its cold
Whose worse Charlotte Bobcats or Minnesota Twins?
Woohoo! We can't wait to celebrate #volunteer heroes! Thanks for the shout out.
#RejectedPromThemes Win a Date With Mark Sanchez
Blessed to see another day! Plus it's Friday!""
Of course since 2day is my day 2 write, they're doing a loud construction project next door & turned the water off in my building :(
#rise&grind On my way 2 work. Up thanking God & #TGIF :)
Give 'em an F in Stats.
Someone go to the mall with me.
omg I'm glad I didnt give up! I meant some cool people! :)
Not enough hours in the day.
Y can't I tweet jonghyun :c is it because I'm black :C? I need to keep in contact that's my only way to Taemin UGH.
dude, we inspire each other bro..
I actually love that they still do that :). It's the English major in me.
In response to "WHAT'S A BOOK?" RT : ITS LIKE A PAPER IPAD.
This Packet Mr. Tullis Left Us <<<
tweet tweet
Trying to get a keek but I can't ;(
i got some from <U+0001F46E>
It's snowing in Seattle and there are some crazy drivers out there. Almost died getting home from my evening workout.
hello to you. Anytme
why are you sad???
#NextChicagoGroup is trending... so uh... Team British D
Blessed Sunday and a VERY Happy Mother's Day to all Moms. Hardest working women on the planet. God bless!
I know what my plans will be for the rest of my day after school.
Sold out show tonight! We're having so much fun with the Indy 500 fans!
I pity Ja Rule!
thank you :) xx
um. "too young" what kind of crazy cryogenic world do you live in?
#PghPC Don't forget to register to attend our next event here on October 27 www.tinyurl.com/PPCGhostHunt Don't miss this!
thank you for your help!
Dickenian use of "character types" recognizes the embeddedness of subjectivities in the social world
Thanks so much for the RT! Hope to see you Friday :-)
New bike seat, and I'm back in business! Now to take care of the car and to get caught up on my students' projects.
Thanks for visiting and for checking in on . What Pie did you have?
When your sound check is longer than your set.
wait...why can't you get in??
Pink nail polish is gone :( kept chipping off between my teeth :$
yes! I would love to get some outdoor screenings going on. We should talk. I want to know more about your river doc.
Ugh fuck my alarm
what!?!? That's animal cruelty hahaha x)
Yo what up u miss Saturday with we was partying
So it's monday I have loads of homework and to top it all off we have pictures this week...WONDERFUL (sarcasm intended) >:P
try a be a playa playa, we see right through you bro :p lol no but for real!
yeah I know where that is and haha thanks
I like the person that you are, but I'm in love with the person that you have potential to be
because Orton is just as likely to throw it to A. Samuel
Thanks Scott! Hope you are well, my friend.
hangover... I drank a lot of tequila too lol!
what school do you go to? c:
has very strong views on this subject.
it's possible to get only 5 years for 2nd degree murder but 20 years for stealing a computer? #Huguely or 40 and 0.
I haven't been tweeting much I get so lazy to type
Whoever said nice guys finish last must have also been a bitch and practically a dumbass
protools was definitely a part of the recording progress, yes we do!
I'm a fan of the APICA 401B spiral-bound hardback w/ index page at front but can't find it :(
RT : "If you've been overtraining your "sitting" muscles, you should probably give them the day off and go workout.<U+201D>
for u bday
I love this little hippie town!!<3;)
This morning I had the great pleasure of driving behind a crazy swerving, brake pumping 25 mph-er. In a shower cap. Flailing with the radio.
& Kentucky made it do what it do & a good run Kansas! #NCAA Let me go get that$$$.
You are very welcome! Have a great weekend!!
If you already have a commercial agent, it's not much of a stretch to sign on with a commercial print agent. Sound boring? $6,000/day! Now?
thx again for Bento help, we are now using it to track diet and exercise!
since 8th grade went by really fast, watch our freshman year take a century to be over.
20k carryover tonight at Los Al. I know will probably be playing that
your jealous and I find it funny..
If you take pictures of your kids having fun at a McDonald's playland, you are the noncustodial parent.
Thanks for the Retweeter, Mike!
Great meeting yesterday with one of our GRN Agents in Tucson, Barbara Bardach, and Stone Canyon Membership Team
2-days and 6-gallons of paint later the studio is looking awesome! Still have the ceiling to go. Pix coming soon<U+2026>
Hey , Want To Be My TwitterWife ? <3 !
Rain delay
As long as they arent "foreign objects" im good w/it <U+201C>: It's only a matter of time before they let MMA fighters use weapons<U+201D>
how is that "cognitive dissonance"?
So my moms engaged. So happy she found someone but does this mean I have to throw her a bachelorette party?
<U+201C>: If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isn<U+2019>t worth shit.<U+201D>
Great !!! You are my go to for Yankee info
Actually, not watching golf at all now<U+2026>back to Saints/Lions.
Technology has increased the demand for
i hate it when i forget to eat
exactly! I'm totally over the disease now. no more talking-points... just actual facts and real policy research from now on.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change
Record breaking day playing on the promenade!
Having alotta fun
A little bit more shopping today my friends
i was just told that my face looks like "assblood"
good ole memories
Video loops by are brilliantly breathtaking! The whole vibe is like being in another city!
I love that you think I would be capable of dating anyone on the team.... But I'm sad to say... No one.
T-cap over<U+0001F603>
I sure am. Got tired of morning traffic lol and don't you have someone to teach tomorrow or something?
We'll see. I'm really not trying to be a hater, just saying how the game works, and how the #Athletics work.
it's basketball of course imma have fun
Oh.... Laughoutloud that's really cool.!.!.!.!.!
they say real girls are never perfect. & perfect girls aren't real.
LMFAO!! Bro You Still Funny!
Just caught the Man City - QPR highlights. Wow.
I love Austin <3
RT : I miss my bros// Miss you too sis!!
need a pick up from the airport?
Stay Positive! When I feel blue I go to the gym; if that's too much for you right now....go walking and you will feel so much better!~
Let Us All Do What We Can't Do On Our Own....We Can We Will...WE&NOTme
oooohhh :) thank you!
I wanna meet and greet you <3
Thank you for the great resource. Right now, my vote is iPad, but thinking I want the kids to have a full keyboard, too. You?
I just can't believe a city as broke and challenged as Milwaukee is going to piss away $100M+ on a 2 mile street car. INSANE!!
Thanks for Liking me, Maxi.
When you read other peoples tweets there all like: @@@@, #####. Do their tweets make any sense what's so ever to anyone.
proud of you!! Congrats!!
That's a long way from Portland, but a nice 2 day trip from Sacramento. We wish we could #getoutandzip to Napa!
Second Mile Leadership.
YES - so how bad are the Steelers?
omg don't talk of these things
enjoy my brother :) everyone else gets to listen in a week ^_^
especially after he won a super bowl with them! damn man
Keeping our voices in shape, fans have offseason too. Usf mbb game was fun, but we need some soccer!
hey sweetie what's wrong? *hug* your day is going to get better!! :) anything I can do to help?
And Green scores his first points for MSU. 29-24
Home! Much needed puppy playtime & game night :)
process more useful.
Thanks for the late mentions:
Just saw the final collection of on dying to wear the last look & all the jewelry & shoes! So fab!!!!
Great day for a baseball game, go Phillies!
Excited about a story I'm working on.
*ATTENTION* #turntup objects may seem closer than they appear TURN-UP-O-VISON wavy
that's a beautiful thing bro great teachers r needed man. I can recall all mine.
Saying you love a person every 30mins doesnt mean you are truly in love..action is always better than speech. #just saying
Hosted lunch & roundtable discussion w/ Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom & San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders today.
Anyone remember the movie teaching mrs tingle? Omg I used to love that movie
A few showers and storms developing over ern. IA will move into SW Wisconsin over next few hours. No severe expected attm.
#demf how many times will utter the word juggalo today? If he were in Detroit right now, would he say it more? No doubt.
no but I should.
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! I hope you're having a wonderful Tuesday!
Hate to add to all the posts, but I really am excited to see The Hunger Games tonight! ;D
National Signing Day today... Time for something new and exciting! Go Bruins!
Whoa.. is endorsing Pepsi? Lol does this mean I havta start drinking that now
I love when people assume I know what I'm doing and I make up not real terms and they nod and say "yepp"
I don't understand why the #Bruins physicality has disappeared. Last night, they were out-hit and out-worked by the usually timid Canadiens.
prolly Saturday lol new schedule comes out then
Thank you! Would love your input tonight if you can join us!
Oh, fun! Go E! Hope everyone has a wonderful time!
Thanks; looks like a great read for my games class this fall.
. Ask all Dem Questions !
Lakers vs Hornets tonight! 3 in a row?
lol you're funnier than your brothers
please tell me you are going to tweet that picture?
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back!
oh cool, thanks for sharing - ill check it out!
THANK U HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY I JUST WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Is it wrong that I'm seriously considering making an reservation based on whether the host is involved in a #startup?
RT : Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? Show your support for #BullyMovie and RT - movie opens tomorrow...
lol, i wish i stayed home today
Hm. Ok. I'll have to think about it, I guess. Thanks Marlow!
mwa thanks love me too! Very happy about I and in the end the results will be worth it <U+0001F601>
Thanks! I will!
Follow & ReTweet This! We're aiming for 300,000 followers b4 HopeMob launches in 7 days!
Thanks for your attendance at the International Sweetherts discussion, they were truly an inspiration
Home. Must sleep. Dreams and reality and movies blurring together.
Special-strange fruit project
tell that girl goodluck & just embrace the beast b/c it's not changing... :) Hence why I am looking for a new #job /
Thomas!He came to La Rochelle,a redhead-you must have been there when he visited!-non? We've had only our civil ceremony yet;
Follow new twitter page to keep up with all the latest Fresh kics updates. This is now my personal page. New Page <<Follow & RT>>
That would be the most EPIC murder mystery party EVER! Where do we sign up?!?!
- Foley should worry about his students game and not the media.
No, but completely fascinated by it! Definitely on the "Things I will do one day" list.
Here's the tradeoff for being on CBS: start time of Navy at AFA will be 9:30 a.m. Sure the cadets won't mind. Me on the other hand?
Hey, RT Need to hire someone good at making infographics. Email me if that's you.
Happy Valentine's Day! Any plans to celebrate in downtown mke?
Ok where rod and them at": naw i stay on hanwood now im about DM u my cell so wen u text me ill let u know"
In school and looking for work. The usual.
Nah. Average. My height isn't average that's for sure. haha.
think positive and believe.
Now, can I find a bar nearby that's showing the #gopdebate?
What I keep thinking whenever someone mentions the Hobbit trailer - "I'm into hard scifi. Fantasy is bullshit."
maybe not what you would expect from a history class.
Dear puppy, must you fucking pee on my bed?!?! I mean come on!!! Love your pissed off sister! P.S. don't do it again!
Finally gettin too bed... vegas still on my breathe
A good lawyer knows the law... a clever one takes the judge to lunch :)
Looking forward to seeing tonight
Never said that. What I am saying is that United does not deserve to win or draw here.
whats going on thank for the follow. What city you in
Never have to worry about it again......sure don't
Where did the last four years go?
Think yo ass is slick
Would love to see Louisville go all the way!!
T1: I should clarify... "less satisfied about the care they receive while in the hospital"
hey guess what... I love you! :D #Hunter for life!
dnt u rather be alone thn to be with the wrong company? i kinda do :-)
Today's celebrated was once tomorrow's news....have faith.
Came home from bar to find sitting in a dimly lit room, reading the collected Jack Gilbert aloud to himself.
thanks for adding us to your list!
ELI manning ... Wow
i loled. jello sucks when you is old.
thanks, jason!
I know! I've been waiting for a De La Vega for feels like forever. Could be due to tearing through Cascadia/DLV in 2 wks in 2011
Avatar: A Cinematic Masterpiece. Its about life, overcoming adversity, economic sustainability, drinking blue moons, and schmoking a j. -_-
are you in the U.S.? Because it looks like it's ok on my end, but there are geographic restrictions sometimes.
If you're going to shoot your own lighting and tripod are mandatory. Think of audience.
what is that? tea? shitty green bottled beer?
I was just practicing my vocal ranges!
its like a social experiment every time.
why I avoided 1989 show the other night...
I love wearing belly shirts though...
refreshing to see a movie like that man, one of the best movies I've seen definitely a different twist keep up the good work
you wish
IT'S PERFECT !!!! HAVE A MEET AND GREET IN MIAMI SOON PLEASE
go to bed tomorrow is another day LOL
We think so too: RT : No need for a high tech gym,
You're welcome!
no old spice?
Congrats! You have a new subject to tweet about for the next 9 months. I bet your labor tweets will be fantastic!
i think you typed where to register but I don't see that - can you say it
RT : Idk how you can say Jigga is trash. Top 3 EASILY.
you KNOW it!!! #whatWHAT!
well that sounds great. Hah(:
me too.
who doesnt love me? :)
Welcome to the injury dome...There ought to be a law...
And thanks. It was a fun class to teach.
love your pictures, hope you will be at the parade next week to get the city at its "greenest!"
ok, I've been milking this nap for the longest now... I guess I'll get up
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't updated today. I'm out of the shop and just returned from the dentist. Feelin pretty woozy!
Got this rug on my head finally twisted up. Looks good to. :) Gud shit.
Thanks for entering our giveaway!!!
We just wrapped production for Convenia/Pfizer Pharmaceutical!
okay, working like a slave but getting everything done. How you been?
Why wait? Download your own copy now of A-Town Veteran on
Ribs USA in Burbank?
how's scrant?
i wanna go see the lucky one today it looks so good! :)
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down. Really sucks when they're concurrent. (At least I'm not anorexic though... Not even a little.)
Anyone know what became of the Houston Origami Festival that used to be held at Tansu?
probably because of the Republicans and their evil estate tax cuts expiring.
not too bad to be honest .... Its an OG colorway so u know us old heads had to cop em lol
": Calling all museums - what are your top 5 language translations within your museum? Thanks. Please RT"
I do the same when I make lo mein. It's the same stuff hah
welcome home bro
You are ignorant, thats why no one will miss you.
Make sure you take a moment in between things to relax! I know it's go-go-go but sometimes it helps me think!
Even when I'm right, I'm wrong
You don't fuck with Trivette.
Headed to my first regional rally today! See you in a few :)
I really thought chiddy bang was white
Really can't focus right now.
Perspective: in 2011 the Tigers were below .500 as late as May 30th! We know how that worked out.
I think the iphone4 unlocked, international, version supposed usable as long as your acct is in good standing.
There is something about voice that gives me goosebumps! Xx
Cuddling with
I wanna marry ALL of them but Niall's Irish Accent is so adorable! :D <3
We are running a story on toilet paper right now on I have never really given my TP a 2ndthought.
little girl in donut shop w/ her dad; me w/ mine years ago.
To whom it may concern,
Actors do your research. You are building a business and part of your job is to invest not only money, but time as well. Be willing to!
It's that time again! The BridgeTEFL Tweetchat starts in 30 minutes. Follow #bridgeteflchat and tweet us your #TEFL questions and stories!
yea when u come get it from ny you can
Music is revolutionizing!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom's out there!
Home alone watching scary movies all night yupp
If u have been following our broadcast & have Qs on ethical issues affecting colleges, university & businesses, tweet us!
Do it. RT : Are you looking for updates on Md. schools? Follow , and
can't wait for tonight hiting the waves the big one's
1 worry that we'll get hit by an asteroid ...
Going to sit down today and write out all of my goals in all areas of my life that need improvements.
A very good night for the Mets and Rangers! Let's keep it going.
It's a nice day in KY for an IndyCar race. Excited to cheer on and today at the KY MotorSpeedway!
Steve Browne is a Golden God.
Your collection is amazing!
I'm more Chunky Monkey than Chubby Hubby.
i wish i was doing something fun tomorrow
new format calls for new, updated blurbs, perhaps? :)
#SI-ssrd Is #openaccess the same as Smithsonian "access"?
It's been a good day.
All they want to do is hit you with a quick pimp walk lol
Is finding PInterest far too interesting...
I was in best buy. Complete seasons. $30 each. Lol
Alex Morgan is beyond a WYF. She's a HATW - how about the weather?
I love that song!
Words to live by! RT : I think we could improve sales by focusing less on making our existing customers so upset.
Well, I doubt that anything has changed. :)
made a decision not to spend the whole weekend staring at charts
oh Opps. ;) he is still happy. :)
Its only 8:40.... I guess i'm going to bed early<3
Never gave a fuck.
ur dad wanted me to tell u that u tweet too much (;
Encouragement: God is faithful - I hope you learn to trust him, even when you don't understand what He's doing.
Hey what u doing
Music Inspires.
I'm about to have another niece, but another nephew would have been nice too. Either way, I'm happy though.
Lemme get an 'Adam Ward hard at work on a thursday' 'it's crunch time' kind of picture
yoga. outside. best day ever.
Although apples don't have caffeine, they are a great pick me up when you're sleepy and a great source of soluble fiber.
Ohh Bill Cosby you crack me up!
Can't believe he said that!!
Haha no way! "be social" as in go out after a long wk
- Very cool Fotoshop fake spot. Thanks for sharing Jane!
Looking forward to meeting some new people today at the Excellence in Networking BNI meeting in Fishers!
I'm not even safe from memories in my dreams.
the fb block button, the greatest invention of 21st century
love #gin, makes me feel British, does loading dock or canton market stock ?
#onSept11 I drove nonstop from CA to NY with friend and Broadvision colleague Bill Zujewksi. God bless all
Not really a hockey fan but my tv been on this bruins capitals game for a while now
Nothing is better than when a person you adore... is marrying another person you adore! Congrats to Lindy/Javi, Mo/Gordon, and Ash/Sal! xx
Lol. Tis so true. Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card! :) couldn't respond to your msg for some reason...
Gtfo of here
surprisingly yes
Well it's from 7:55-2:20. That's basically our normal like last year. Tech just puts 20 more minutes there to fuck with you all.
We're working on a little incentive for all of our current backers and anyone who backs us today...We'll announce in the next 15 minutes!
*Doorbell rings* Me: OMG JUSTIN HAS COME TO GIVE ME SOME PROACTIVE!!!
i would pay double to see that :)
power outage during lunch caused my co-worker to have to use the stairs to come back to work. Really sucked as we are on the 10th floor :-/
Today was god <U+0001F601>
These are my views. You don't have to agree. But I do think she has sold us out.
hey handsome how r u?
The Guto remembers when Joe Wiz used to be hardcore. CC:
Really, I want to know: is paying these people?
I start my morning off wit 2 sausage #McGriddles and a hot Carmel Mocha
wwell ya should be :)
if you were pooping Rainbows I'd call you a Unicorn
Business should come before drugs and partying. Period.
Let Me Take These Daisy Dukes Off LOL
Donald "Duck" Dunn....RIP
I Love It
looking for a car, lol. youu?
Party at shannons! <U+E312>
Sometimes you have to cross the line just to see where it lies.
The Bob Seger concert tonight was so awesome! another rockin' night!
"You need to learn your education!" & "If you are in this room, you are on notice!" are my fav lines from last night.
John ate all the food does that get u mad lol
Let's go cowboys!!
Gimme head before we fuck
Eh, I can live with that.
Ugh I hate living on Cleveland Ave. In Altanta Ga
that sucks. I thought she would be nice. Have changes started?
Congratulations to Woody Allen: "Midnight In Paris" wins The Writers Guild of America's top honor, "Best Original Screenplay." OSCAR!!
dadyj told me id have to work it...If i wanted to roll with u....
Missing my boo already <U+0001F625>
We are very thankful for our customers. Thank you!
fuck you guys you're both stunning beautiful girls don't let shitty bitches say other wise ok
hey mike...watched ur interview on piers morgan...ur a real sweet guy and an awsome family man...stay up bro, be well
HELLO Mitt
Aww, that will be exciting!
Alrighty, back to the grind w/the help of a little caffeine. new blog posts to come so stay tuned!
then I take it we will cya in NYC Deb? :)
something into that stmt that something is missing. Seems like lot of NHLers have families, not just DA
Hate to say it, but #kansas is embarrassing themselves now. Stick in there, maybe it'll turn around.
Thanks for the photo ! LOVES Silverman's Farm in Easton, CT!
Thanks for that, I didn't have Einar anywhere in my notes
Would you like to make some easy money??? Avon is the way to go! Message me to get you started.
you can't force a tweet
Having good news the same day your best friend has bad news
why is it important for students to be involved in SM?
Filming new season of
What what Premier show! Yeah'boy!!!!
u bettr follow me b4 i wup u
and Im still up
No repeat Snowmageddon 2012 experience for me thanks! Not today at least.
Sorry, which one is Turd Blossom again? Can't keep them all straight. :)
Haha Already picked them up.
#GroupTravel throughout Florida and Abroad!
haha I like this
thrilled by AWC's #bbrunch11! amazing women celebrating each other. and everyone looks like easter eggs!!!
Attention students: courses will continue as usual tonight at both campuses. Spread the word! & Happy MLKJ Day!
sitting in IHOP on xmas: Sad because 1. It's IHOP on xmas and 2. It's the only place open with wifi on xmas
After scoring two hugh pp goals, the rangers fall asleep again and turn the puck over that leads to another devil goal
people thinking im ghetto i don't think so
ALEX! Will you be in NYC for Austins CONCERT?!
I only have myself to blame.
Just ran into at the office. Looking forward to meeting the 2011-12 CKI board members today!
When I looked at coverage, 'breaking news' didn't appear to be a fair barometer.
The most we can #Hope for in life is Love & Joy... The best we can do is... #Work toward those things that make us happy!
So today I won $100 to Texas de brazil and then got home and there steak and lobster! Good day!
wtheck. Are u ok?? Did u get the block buster job?
s/o tu my dawg follow her or get unfalliwed
I am not easily impressed at all man. At all. Your music is the best.
greedy motherfucka next time ima piss in some shit and let yu drink it wit ya fat ass.
Canelo and Blake Griffin got the same daddy
The Thunder are shooting 59%! Nothing you can do about that. Lakers just gotta get ready for game 2. Or find that Space Jam juice.
Listening to and cleaning up da hale.
God is always blowing my mind.
be careful Imani he might stab you.
Happy to be reuniting with a long lost pal tonight!
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident
Thanks babe xx
Great job tonight..You Rocked Sevilla LB
yest it does!!!
<U+0095> Experience logging bugs, and writing/following test plans and test cases
thanks for the follow back! I look forward to checking out and trying your tips!
I love this beat
some people love it -- just not me.
For our newbies. Come join us for our Newbie Yogi Workshop with Anne Sat. 3/10 - 3-5:30pm.
too much fun tonight!
How are you!
I have to wait for the later showing of I'm driving home now in the bloody rain.
Or, just meanies. :(
Yea! Go RT : 12th award at #Epicon: Besy Fantasy Romance - Bound: A Fairy Story by Sophie Oak
Me too. I strangely miss it. RT : I remember what it felt like to be so overwhelmed during college sometimes. I miss those days!
Kasich not overly optimistic on landing Sears. I haven't shopped at a Sears in years! Who has? Maybe good for tools... that's about it.
not sure what you mean? I think yes if audience is multiple groups; but I'm against clear boundaries & taxonomies! :)
Dirty Sprite foreeeeevvvaaa
& #smallbizsat work together to create #smallbiz tools? "Push notification to a biz's checked-in customers?" - VP of Engineering
Is there a debate tonight? We were drinking early. Miss anything exciting? Any dumb fucking mistakes?
He STILL has that lazy eye!?
RT if you saw Marvel's The Avengers !!!!
"...partnerships and innovation." - Burt Kummerow
that's babe! Now let's do your video ASAP :) "umm, can I get a mojito"... Or maybe something sweet w/no sugar" <U+0001F481>
Finally off work, this whole bartender schedule is not half bad besides these days where I have to be back in the morning.
Using - Perl client for Twitter - dizzying.
oh lord
He never said a mumbling word
I know.french lol
Headed to DC Monday for a few days with a good friend and hopefully some relaxation.
#younknowitsreal when you make him food
If youare giving up Big Ben and Battle for Brady - I could get behind that. Wouldn't quit on Mendy
Happy St Pattys Day!
Happy cinco de mayo
Is there some kind of award for world's worst mother-in-law?
Thank you for the RT!
are there any JB AMEX card specials in effect? Traveling this wknd :)
love it when they cut to the Tigers dugout and you can tell Leland is thirsting for a cig so bad tbh
Each day I am reminded more and more why having a home outside a home owners association is they only way to go
french is such a pretty language :3
wow can i have him back plz :(
Follow today. Let's start a trend.
It made my day to see your tweet. Am doing well. I love being a librarian; don't miss the stress of acquisitions @ Basic Books.
#Derulers, but his fans voted for the name
do u have a website for ???
get at me about some future sets , you gotta see me do my thing
you should tag in your bio so more people know where to follow her :) Just a thought...
I'm SO ready..especially after the week I've had. Hope the beer is cold, Rumpus Room!
To live so that the depression was at the other!
Who goes to atrisco.!! Do me a favor.
I miss California.
jealous. Went last year. Favorite city.
Thanks! RT : Very smart blog by Terri O.
ahh no i'm not! :) hahaah
Just followed the new page.
New study shows coffee drinkers are less likely to die from heart or respiratory disease,stroke,or diabetes. #AddictionPaysOff?
MANTRA #3: YOU CANT MARRY A MARRIED MAN
haha love it
Galaxy S I Launch date still a mystery. But it will launch in June!
Who discovered this and what was the power of it?
A friend 2 all is a friend of none
AH! Woke up 1hr late!!!! AH!
WE HAVE THE LEBRON'S THAT COME OUT NEXT WEEK... COME GET THEM FROM US NEXT WEEK
<U+201C>: And I totally just downloaded some One Direction songs....... #guilty...... :P<U+201D>
The person with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Goethe / God created you with purpose!
Bittersweet. Was renewed for half season & it will probably be its last because NBC doesn't know what they are doing.
Lmao RT : Looking for a yungninja like u lol RT : No idea why Jim jones mom is in sin city lmao
No luck getting signed to mostly because we're holding out for the big-time money and steez with
Increase shot clock to 30, add 5-count and shorten season from 82 games to 60.. Now we're talking!!
thanks brother, spread the world!
you have pretty pretty eyes Cody!
I like to see people helping each other!
Outside event planner subject of GSA probe
Hehe tryn to stay out of trouble;) RT so watu been up too?
": The Dorito taco was so so it's not as thic as a regular dorito: average" Im a Clevelander. Cribbs' word is law
Got no good pics of last night considering they where off a screen But here's some from the Germany tour (:
had the best time at field day today had a water fight with stupid ppl :o
TY for the shout out!
show some #love #followhim he's one of the best producers out right now. get at him before he blows up
MC Lars: hip hop as a cultural poetic innovating form derived from history, rap and Shakespeare, bffs!
so whats next for text descriptive social media?
We are going to be a little late...having trouble with generator
He's such a poser...
Heading to forum! It should be fun!
No afternoon plans! Other than going to see
when u coming home bro?
okay then c:
SHOW JAN 28th Denver lets bring it.
If I wasn't home alone, I would whine until someone brought me a glass of water.
Sad day for Beastie Boys fans, MCA dead at 48. =(
It's so beautiful out. C:
Buying tickets with my momma. Good luck to us !
so u aint following ya boi no more cuddie?
cool, its a good look. I'm around though.
I love her.
Are you a Massage Therapist or do you get a lot of massages? We're talking massage etiquette after 7am. It's your turn to chime in!
follow my personal account too i havent used it in a minute but im going to get back on it
you were in vegas? Ohmygawd I live in vegas. Lol. I'm hella late.
Ooh, I have 2! I think told us what to do with them once but I forgot so they're just sitting on a bookshelf.
Byebye Illinois. See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya!
minis are flying off the belt at University Village. Looks like we might need to carry them at other stores soon.
Thanks to for a yummy KW chili lunch on #Larchmont!
He'll learn. He must be a freshman.
Fitzgerald says constituents told him to "stay the course this is what we elected you to do" about act 10
Bill Romanowski lets loose on The Herd, "best hit I ever had was when I broke a jaw and had guy bleeding out his ears..."
When i sit and think about when a parent dies...its a very hard struggle..u feel like u gotta rush to grow up and mature.
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! I'm excited <3
that good hows work n r you happy?
I know I didn't just waste over two hours of my day dealing with an adult-bullying situation. Name calling? Really?
Do you like or dislike John Morrison?
If I had that job I might start smoking too.
aw yea true....gotta be safe!
Yesterday, my thoughts were controlling me. Today, I'm controlling my thoughts courtesy of Romans 12:2.
Thanks twitterverse for getting the word out. Amazing how many restaurants are calling US.
Hanging out on McKinley Beach for
That's awesome!
Just checked out 's video on ws. That <U+0001F4A9> was dope!
you go scott
Boo i love ur laugh!!!!
OMG. FOUR MORE FOLLOWERS TILL I GET 500. :D
looking forward to visiting your office for a meeting with Tevon this week.
awe dats good
We'll start: Texas friendliness, unique Texas history, and rich, diverse Texas culture.
At post office to mail out promo CDs but it doesn't open until 10! Who knew? Lol
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
Got our official company paperwork in the mail today! Lets get this party started!
In Seattle one wears wintery coats , and the other doesn't. RT : Go Seahawks! (like I know a seahawk from a sea-man)
If your against your shit to me family included
never will i do that again.
<U+201C>: omg name your fans<U+201D> u guise. Y'all need a name. Send ideas now.
your shoes are freaking killing me :)
That's MUCH better than free ice cream :)
Do he do it like me?!..
What if Woodson were moved to safety?
I miss when we were best friends! But then drama happened and we just drifted apart...
Not looking good for #norfolkstate. Down by 22 after 10 minutes in 1st.
U thought these hands was just use for drawing.
Trevino i told you its care-uh-lee and 5 seconds later, you still call me CAR-lee
Can. Not. Wait. To. Shred.
Lord North. Secrets. Of rule. Britannia.
anytime pandabear..... That was weird, I'll cut it out now :D
Good morning everyone!! Know anyone having a party this weekend? I have extra spots open only $50 per hour this weekend only!
Wonder if the $2B includes the rights to the alternative brand name: Lo$ Angele$ Dodger$
Deuceeessssss! *Chris voice*
The Bears still have a clueless GM.??!!
Birdman a perv? Gee big rumors in Denver tonight!!!
And you'll probably see that last tweet and hate on me too but I honestly don't care.
Bout to step my twitter game back up!
should check out ,they have a really strong message of exposing the NWO! Help get their name out!
The #Bulls season is over. Wow.
all about it right now
#in NYC Publicans and Restauranteurs, do you think our impact on policy-makers matches that of the social & fiscal revenues we provide?
Augustana and The Maine are two of my all time favorite bands and to see them together ....
Hanging with the god dog tonight...I love puppy snuggles
excep me(; Me no doin it<U+2661>
All I want to do is go to sleep and all I can do is keep watching Sean Avery on
I'm not a fan of the fact that I haven't seen you in FOREVER!!
Mushroom tip. I just got that! haha
Finished the superlatives.. hardest thing I've done all year
Going home early. Like 4 hours early. Don't feel well enough to be here
we can make up our own coachella! lets just get some candy and blast some kpop, its kpop coachella!
ATTN STUDENTS! To start Winter Qtr out right, you can get the classic waffle for only $1, now until Friday at the U district location.
#happybirthdayjboogz trend already I'm getting introuble because of you
you too! Have a safe trip home and let us know next time you're on this side of the Atlantic...
Lol she a celebrity hopper.
RT !! pretty sure it would be her dream come true, all she does is talk about you! - see you April 13th!!!
Who will be crowed #TheVoice? Watch the final 4 and vote HERE!
ya they have a set with a mic built in. Great with iPhone. Not sure about how they work with other phones.
Looking for sales consultants, HR Managers, Recruiters! Contact us for information. Can be addition to you current job. www.joborworker.com
Amare is dumb why would u punch glass ? But its good in a way he is out and melo bouta go off ! Get amare out of NY
If your wearing flipflops paint your toenails ew #dirty & stop going tanning orange bitch :)
Just had a 5way PLO all-in for the 8k cap per person, and now Ted Forrest just bet 10k that he can balance on his chair's 2 back legs (cont)
RT Heading to Tampa. Any good recommendations? Larry the limo guy AKA Egans twin will b there call when land
S/O to ya'll.
Awesome ... thanks!
it did there's no more season after this one, lost too much money etc. , aah I already talked to my peeps, this most likely last
Confession: the Ramen in the office microwave smells amazing.
Where is today?
Any teaching-related links for May's Teaching Carnival ? Send them to !
Hey fans come join us at before and after the game, for food & drinks
simple, let me love you girl
what is a dispatch show?
I HATE when that happens!!
It wouldn't exactly be fair if you were smart, awesome AND eminently likeable, now would it?
School went SMOOTH for me lol I thought so tho
good meeting you yesterday. I was the one helping with wristbands at hotel
come on bro they both is the best Nba ever had
worst headache <U+0001F614><U+0001F44E>
Chinese Telephones are playing Dan Vapid's record release show.
at this point can only confirm Booker, but the talent appearances continue to be released!
I love that it works with the app, that makes EVERYone a kindle user. My iphone was a kindle today :)
Braun playing today?
did all 3 putts go in?
wanna watch a show about rich people that have power issues and no real problems but make them bigger then life then watch
love that the manimal is trending.
Thank you for the great post! Loved the last part about Oscar.
I hate this kangaroo bitch on Horton hears a who
me too but they can never find anything sweet to do for us :(
Thanks Barb, glad you enjoyed it and found it valuable. It was a lot of fun, Jeffrey is a riot!
Yes, #Tom, yes, please let us hear another duet for #Karen &
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL!!!!!!! We are strong women! Keep up the great work <U+2764><U+0001F493><U+0001F44D>
I missed Monte?! RT : Thanks to Monte Ball from Badger Football, , & everyone else for your canned food donations! ...
what a great feeling, coach! Good for you!!
It's too early to be pissed off
School is like a boner; long and hard unless you're asian.
thoroughly modern millie, that's what's up(:
Looks like and are working on the new album! RnR Sunday!
I bet Roberts would let me
one dude even said something to the effect that I was going to hell for not wanting to bear children o_O
hi! Twitter is like AC filters...I try to remember to check monthly! Haha
here we go: first shower on 2012 with flip flops. fingers crossed.
Taking Mom to Mt. Rainier for Mother's Day!
My favorite comment of the day: "I feel like I just lost 5 pounds! I cleaned my desktop!"
Sitting on the deck in Illinois on a sunny evening. Having a beer. Thinking how great it would be to turn this state conservative. Hm..
Newbreak cafe with my book, coffee and poncho
Playing Batman Arkham City if anyone wants to jump on PS3 and play something else(:
Fell asleep on dat borin ass game, but how the fuck did Boston lose
Can you throw in a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the pot to #mariowilliams ?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that complains about everything
I'm so glad i'm not the only one that actually likes staying in on New Year's Eve. lol.
A seed in my seedles orange?
that shit is natural lol RT<U+201C>: dawg my daddy was pullen my weave I think I lost a track<U+201D>
Fav vacation: shlitterbaun Fav candy: sour skittles Fav comedian: Ellen degeneress Fav game: grand theft auto ( I like all of them )
#LT pass out
Life is not supposed to be full of sadness and regret . Life is living period . So go live it
#MLB: Report: Werth will miss 12 weeks after surgery.
What has the world gotten to? 1 person driving 4 others on the phone!
Gas station mini-mart on the way to work today. Do they have Diet Coke? No. Hemp milk? Yes. So very
more like when a guy leaves a league and the first place team vultures his best player (cuz league owns team)
"Reflections on Play, Pedagogy, and World of Warcraft" - from new quarterly
New password requiring at least one capital letter, two numbers and one special character? Someone please tell #Gmail to calm down.
next TUESDAY at THE FARM. Focus! Focus! w/ Tamia Remains, Teflon w/Special guests!
Went and did a walk through of the reception venue with the caterer and the staff of the venue. We now have a game plan.
day off Wednesday. But I'm always at joes ;)
follow fridays us plz!! it will be much appreciated!! thanks.
Damn I don't feel like driving
The first thing I think when I wake up Monday morning in Vegas is, Hmm... I'll take a #hol at #VMworld. Good crowd.
The mountains tremble AT YOUR VOICE!
If you live in Madison and have low water pressure or no running water, let me know where you live. #waterproblem Thanks!
thanks you wonderful lady!
Hi! Confirming 3 pm
This morning, my smoke detector went off while I was in the shower. One of us can't tell the difference between smoke & steam.
The Raid: Redemption. Stop what you're doing and go see it now. Now that's how you off people!
haha I'm good G! Just working wsup with you tho...you still playing ball?
60 followers away from 500! Thanks for following, but I think we can get there soon! Spread the word! :)
Good morning. I'm an analog man trapped in a digital world. Smh
Walking on flat ground and still managing to trip.
Silent mute button, Inadvertently switched to Dev/nul, still functions
Ha! RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
": The first period has ended with the Blues and Kings tied 1-1. The Blues outshot the Kings 13-11. #bluesplayoffs"
Nice work Cano! #hrderby he put on a good show!
Do your hobbies include playing video games? If they do, then you probably play a lot of them
my pleasure!
I picked some up at target and they are not too shabby. Will have to try the WS.
Heading out with
I need help with my chemistry homework!! It will be the death of me! Anyone want to help... :c
Get with the movement, uptowning on these clowns
Just voted yes for SLA's proposed new name Association for Strategic Knowledge Professionals.
Son left his A Farewell to Arms on my desk...my favorite novel ever...it's all I can do not to blow off the day and re-read it.
Register today for the Meet & Match Speeding Event March 10th must rsvp at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
+1 RT : Took turning 25 to earn the wife's Twitter endorsement. #wisdom RT #FF Why? It's his birthday, yo!
aw nuts
Sleep? That's a funny word I'm pretty sure thats what homework replaces
voted this morning. Hope you win! Good luck !
so sry i didnt get any nathan action for you! he was kinda distant=(
ahh thank you! I love yours to!
Did you know that when someone annoys you, it takes 42 muscles to frown, But only takes 4 muscles to reach out and smack'em in the head.
If you continuously assume the worst you're gonna get what you're askin for
The late Mathilde Rovelstad, former CUA SLIS porfessor, left a bequest in her estate for largest SLIS scholarship ever. More info in April.
Fainted while getting blood drawn today
Traffic is the worst I have ever seen ! Avoid 62 between 169 and 100.
Looks but nothing serious yet. R u man?
its penut butter jelly time ! penut butter jelly , penut butter jelly aha !
Yeah! I'm excited about it
Would love to give a talk in Dubai. Anyone have any biz/tech/university contacts there?
"Trojan War" is definitely pantheon JLH.
Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it off to work I go, but I will not be happy in my work. To sick and sore.
Strange Clouds
This joke doesn't really work in Minnesota, does it.
A two cellos version of "Smell's Like Teen Spirit" on my Mozart station is a
lol if you so nice can you give me a massage :)
When it comes to life be selfless,when it comes to men be selfish,give them the left overs of time and affection that your LIFE doesn't need
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Hahahahaha!! Thats fucked up. RT : Mexico is so beautiful. Maybe theyll finish it one day.
Enjoyed playing at #Holland Park in #Fishers with the kids on this beautiful day!
I'm pretty sure Obama really does feel this way about same sex marriage but the timing of him announcing it now is just politics.
Really excited to have join us next week Lots more awesome news coming -- stay tuned.
Beth Barakat..[I hope I got that one right, because we also have common friends *S*]
already ordered it! can't wait!
Everyone's calling for the #ElClassico matchup in the #UCL final, but I'd much rather see Robben against his old club as the title match.
Some very good news!! RT Ann Cashion's Taqueria Nacional relocating to old T St. Post Office space /T, per Johnny Fulchino.
RT : Albuquerque The Magazine has a nice little portfolio of my B&W landscape photography this month. Check it out.
Sure, absolutely! Chris or his publicist should get in contact with us at :)
Today was not quite a triumph, but a success nonetheless. Can't wait to veg out on the couch tonight.
I would like to say hello to every one reading this what's up
Special acoustic set at Paducah's very own Does's Eat Place tonight! 8pm-11pm
everyday im tumblrin
And "Bacon" gets out. I refuse to like him after his first like 50 at bats without a hit.
Big things on the horizon. Keep your eyes peeled and ears tuned.
Hell yes!!! It's Bikram time!!!
Thanks to all those who attended More Than the Score lectures this season! Check out the podcasts on iTunesU! www.virginia.edu/itunesU
that shows been horrible since season 3.
BASF to Build New Formic Acid Plant in Geismar, Louisiana
come over here and we will drink and watch the game together!!!!!!! #Sixers + drinking = life
Eating health today just had a fish sandwich.
nobody ova 20 fux wit nicki nor like her so I'm backd by more than u a lot of ppl r not on twitter
Lucky shot by pierce, I can't believe We're only down 2. Let's do this
Yummy. B-day goody!
This QB can run it in.
Off work. Let's take over the world.
had to force myself not to buy a plane ticket back to Boston for marathon Monday. Probably would have needed another surgery.
I just said that to my wife! SMDH! RT : I know a few dick riders jus like suzie
Working on the music to a trailer for a video game. :)
seriously, like now before I have a heart attack... <U+0001F622>
Omgomg, proactiv commercial on tv! :D
5 miles further west, and it wipes out the heart of the town, too. We got lucky I think.
I and my friends love u so much, you are the best. Come Here.?
Game 7! Let's do this!
just flamed his ass!!
vinny not ugly ur ugly stop hating u going to hell
ATTENTION ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS: please follow her! She's a true #directioner and a beautiful member of my #1DFamily :-)
I love the feeling I get after soccer practice <3
Lookie here, that's just blasphemy! knows the difference.
aite signin off but somfs hit me up kay
Best mash efficiency so far. I might actually be getting better at this.
RT : RT : As a speaker is master at tying disparate tactics into a unified big picture. Killing it
You just wanna take a faster ride, lower lows and higher highs.
I want to hump your skinny legs
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the s
yeah I was supposed to wake up earlier but my neighbors were outside making noise ALL NIGHT.
A person who publishes a book appears willfully in public with his pants down. Edna St. Vincent Millay, 1892-1950
Remember everyone, you can post anything Lyons related here. And share this fanpage with all your friends and family.
stop tweeting and start working
#BOYFRIENDReview i think boys will serenade us soon with it .haha
its sunday
LMAO!!! Peace dude!
It's always the funny boys that make you fall in love.
Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe. What a spectacular event this one will...
it's hilarious
oh my bad, I was gettin cuz we were dr... No, I was drankin a mess last night..
Q6: Don't do much planning except my freshdirect order every other week. These tips are great
Why would we want be in their stupid conference now anyway? It's stupid.
I wish you knew how scared I am to see you fall in love with someone else.
Newt... Pls shut up and go away!
I am sitting in a cafe during a poetry slam. Every time I hear the applause, I imagine they are lauding my readings of Pierce.
congrats on the fundraising! You should wear the Superman cape, not me.
Out and about with my Loves. <3
RT : Re reports on Pro Bowl, we have been in discussions w/the NFLPA about Pro Bowl's future. No decision has been made.<U+00BB><U+00BB>
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
One big room, full of bad bitches.
Happy Birthday Homie
Yeah walker gave us a heads up last week
Oh hahah im sorry but thank u so much!!! this means A LOT to me!!! u dont have to tho if u dont want!
Doors are open @ Reliant Center for the 24th Annual Home & Garden Market, Come see the amazing exhibitors. www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
RT : #FF - Contests and great sign ideas for rallies everywhere! || thanks! keep em coming!
yeah and the models are totally broken. Record with DVR, perfectly legal. Download content you COULD have DVRed, illegal. Ok.
Thanks for the shout-out! The feeling is mutual. :-)
Don't forget "Eat more fiber." (Maybe that could be #12.)
Wow! Must've been some mixer... :-)
It's fucking idiotic.
i hate when people don`t Get the hint that you don't want to talk to them #annoying!
Adding to my playlist, then its time to separate it into subgroups for other playlists. <U+266B> <U+266A> <U+266B>
Sadly, children who have been abandoned are forced to grow and change in spite of a parents absence.
please no.
Looking for a Director of Marketing for my company, Unbounded Solutions. DM me if interested. #in Please RT
tweets during calc exam... Bold
Thanks so much for adding us to your literacy-orgs list!
just woke up exhausted with a horrible sore throat... -___-
RT : Mobile strategy tip: Critical info/call to action in 1st paragraph, use bullet points. No one wants to read just...
Excited 2 use the weight vests & sandbells in our workout Friday! The sandbells r such a versitle piece of equip & GREAT 4 bball Grip work!!
Happy Friday everyone!! Come stop in to Metro Eye this wknd for our Spring Fling Clearance Sale and get 50% off designer frames!
It is officially December which means the countdown begins to the opening of Hotel Eilan Resort & Spa, the Dance Studio and more!
if your looking for somewhere cheap and close to southside look at southcrest!!
Hahaha "It's a you-fo!" I wonder if the writers of Spongebob got that line from gmama trying to pronounce UFO? XD haha.
oh that Tulsa "where are you?" Call.
Jay Leno is not even remotely humorous.
Partly cloudy skies and highs in the upper 30s today. Thanks Patrick Hammer
No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career.
have any dubs for me to do?
RT : Raise money for jacks foundation!! Hope everyone supports him. Have an awesome day everyone
You & Judge Judy!
New things coming this summer. Sorry to keep you all waiting! :)
Don't be so open minded that your brains fall out
I think should auction the opportunity to do a session with :)
Booking for SOBE today!! Many thanks, Joe Blake!
shes psychotic. Why did we even watch that... awk
thanks :) so is yours!!!
rock:you:hardplace. Have you ever looked at Globalmeet from PGI?
"crazy and deranged, Jay-Z in the Range"
This.... RT : "unless this little blue dot on my phone is not us, we've been going the wrong direction"
Too puerile to notice
yea I'm kinda far :(
<U+201C>: Hi Em! You are just about to deliver right? <U+201D>hi! She came a week early April 19 :)
Everyone has baggage, what's yours?
Will be interviewing a 95 year old daughter of a real confederate soldier for Austin Community Newspapers.
thank you Kayo, welcome back
u're right!! she's Amazing, I'm already a fan wow.
Hi Steve, looking for someone to help do some CSS3 skinning of a phonegap/sencha app. About two weeks worth. Any thoughts?
Wtf im not fat
Thanks for mentioning us!
Did you know that country music legend Kathy Mattea grew up in Kanawha Co., and attended WVU before winning Grammys and topping the charts!
Boxers or briefs?
have you figured this out yet Randy?
I am getting the same stupid message.
Want to play me on the app "Draw Something"? Here's my username: mikenewsbears
Night > morning
How do I sync #instagram w my twitter
why is that so weird?!
#spurs game or cake pops? It was a tough decision but my sweet tooth won! Enjoying (or gorging!) tiny pieces of homemade heaven.
I have seen two this week. Wild.
what are u doing?!
Also, all you Great Plains folks be safe tonight. Don't be stupid if the sirens go off, we all saw last year how bad these storms can get!
Oh. Well. There you go ;) Can't escape the doom.
#ufcsammentary nate diaz = that one bully scrawn-bod kid from middle school
Can you guys just please include Seattle to the tour? A signing, a show, whatever. We deserve SOMETHING.
Veggie burgers are the best!!
Getting ready for the race and starting a 3 day carb loading. The first day is the most important beginning with a big carb breakfast.
nope nope - next!
<U+201C>When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn<U+2019>t really do it, ...
writers block
haha i will ^.^
SEE YA LATeR OVIIIII
haha, ill tell u them but i live in california!!! haha
By the way, it's great to get your perspective on these issues.
creo que mi laura es bipolar
u stupid
And the #oceans sustain life on this planet. Healthy oceans mean #healthy people.
Today is just an off day.
Watching on stickam! C:
#Twi2012 18M page views a month. Is astrology for real?
i'm sorry i am in detroit right now...so i couldn't make it in!
8810 by Nick Taylor - sorry I don't have a link right off the top of my head - I know that one is out there for free
"You can probably fit like 4 of him in my pants!!" OMG, I love you!!!
I wonder how hard it would be to DIY a wrap boot sort of like Tom's makes, but without the horrible toe seam.
I'm not practicing "gotcha" journalism when I ask difficult questions. Rather, I'm trying to understand how scientists think and practice.
#ThisChristmas I'm taking my family out to dinner. They don't need to know that I'm using I-deal from
You were at the Marquis tonight?! I just played there Friday and was supposed to go tonight 'cause some of my best friends...
Next #thirstdc main event is May 31 - lineup is nearly confirmed. Looking nerdy as hell. Get it on your calendar now!
Continuing our BE PREPARED AMERICA 2011 US TOUR! FastPreparedness.com can get you that 'food to put in the basement' that will last 25 years
RT ": 8ball in My corner pocket, its on and popping, got the whole club leaning with me AND BODY ROCKIN
One thing I refuse to be .. Is called out my name #fact (:
Making bad decisions w/ at
Sometimes I'm afraid 2 update my status on bbm cuz I don't want ppl 2 talk 2 me.
US Airways = US Glareways, US Stareways, US IReallyDon'tCareways, US Dispairways. Abrasive, unhelpful, lethargic, and rude.
I dig the idea.
turned in her Seminar paper. Yay! And is moving on to her Hellie paper. Boo.
everybody has done that song..
Good morning world! Let the busy week begin.
In the famous words of the Beatles, "Won't you please, please help me?!" Site is hacked, infected, blacklisted.
Happy <U+0001D6D1> day, everybody. Time to be irrational. Like you need an excuse.
workin that ill drive through
BIG GIVE starts NOW! The Columbus Foundation will match all donations to MDS for the next 24 hrs! Here's ur chance to GIVE BIG to MDS!
I love YOU!! yes, she called me. You know we go way back!!!
Lmao predictable like Tyler perry. Too funny
My hair went all Taylor Swift in a good way today. Why can't I hit repeat? Tomorrow the hair will epic fail me. I'll be all librarian bun.
Thank you for ruining tasty cheeseburgers for me. After Plyometrics I want nothing to do with them anymore...day 8 of
that should have read... donut.
This will be a good day no matter what. :D
Anyone out there using anything besides wordpress for a CMS anymore?
yes , ofcourse . she sweet very giggly & cool ' but people fnd her annoying
I'm off to see if it's still possible to buy the latest issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine at midnight in this so called land of freedom.
I gotta get me a pair of glasses...
It was a fantastic sunrise on Old Hickory Lake this morning! Enjoyed with a great cup of Cream Brulee Coffee! Hope your morning is good!
Upon my asking Joseph to do the TKC man auction for the turkey team, he replies, "none can afford me." Am I talking to Joseph or ?
i see ur point, but don't you just feel like getting wasted when the Packers lose a big game to make u forget & ease the pain? :)
Tumbs up...I mean, thumbs up to Made in Jersey
Currently researching for a massive coffee tasting!!
Sitting back waiting for karma to do it's job.
Anti-jokes are the best
Welcome new followers!! Thanks for the follow :)
I would love one.. Could even toss you a few bucks toward your favorite charity.. Even if that is you!..
Just be a follower. All Random.
rice crispy treats :)
You let your kids get dressed with prostitutes? What kind of mother are you? :)
#barneysbride Barney & Robin! Now I gotta wait.
Thanks for following!
Have u created a profile on www.knowledgesafari.com? Join others talking about #specialneeds #autism #hydrocephalus #cerebralpalsy & more!
Came upon a love song I wrote... It is my favorite original song by far... It's called "Eyes of an Angel"
Our front-of-house representative will be getting in touch with you. Let us know if you don't hear back for some reason!
Listening to practice
Happy Birthday <3 your amazing! have fun ;) XOXOXOXOX
Craving a red velvet cupcake..
If I was a famous youtuber I would at least say hey especially if we have made a video together geez..
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
You wont have the same friends forever now will ya ?
Chillin' with the little ladies.....
maybe the Easter bunny will bring you chocolate covered tacos.
Is it a right? Cultural, environmental, and social to consider. US states/CAN provinces this answer will differ.
That is a great idea!
Eating cupcakes(; like a fatty!
but they're friends forever!
wanna borrow my "No I won't fix your computer!" t-shirt? ;-)
RT : literally bracketing the GOP today with DesMoinesRegister.com takeover
Our 1st year MS girls are doing some Prime Time and actually qualified for Nationals.
we both had so much fun. Thank you!
Way to go 'Cuse!! Sweet 16 in Boston!! Let's go ORANGE!!
Braiding your hair so much that your fingers hurt <<<
aahhhh my phone, left it at home all day. it was like losing an arm.
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only squirrel in the world
I love our guy and girl friends can hang out without people thinking people like each other
Thanks for the RTs
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO FOR FOLLOWING MY FRIEN AND YOU CAN FOLLOW HER TO AT
After two innings of play Virginia scores two runs and stranded three runners making the score 4-1
Friday, March 25; 7:30 pm Jazz Sabbath Service; Mark Bloom
Citing new ideas, VW extends Chinese crowd-sourcing project - AutomotiveIT International
Partied too much over the Holiday? Come in for a therapeutic massage and leave feeling ready to take on the week! Go to www.massagedc.com
OH OK. found it. Canucks and Penguins :)
is blowin' up my phone! I love you Nate! Cant wait to see you on
I love that plan!
that's terrible!
I love #SomeoneLikeYou covered by Set on reply for the rest of the night,
FOLLOW ME AUSTIN MAHONE PLEASE PLEASE <33333
too bad #noguys! but husband still votes for
love it! RT : "Apple without cheese is like a kiss without a squeeze!"- my grandpa
If I wanted a bitch I'd get me a female what I want is a MAN !
- watchin full house marathon tanners go to disney world! This has to be one of my fav episodes! I love when steve shows up!
Been out all day - recharging before seeing my #smgirlfriends tonight!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Might as well
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your timeline as well. Adam
great auction last night...thanks ABQ community for supporting us!
Wishing everyone a fantastic evening at the
Thank God for Good Friday!
I'm assuming you were too polite to tell them to shut the hell up while they were devouring you.
haha well gtg, waking up early
awesome! That sounds like a fun one!
$2 loose cannon drafts like your neighbors upstairs Otherwise I'm going upstairs every time!
Why not planes have a huge parachute, so that it can be opened when a plane crash is inevitable?
I hope "Duck, Duck, Goose" is alive on the pitch! Get the first tackle off every kick-off and dedicate them to me. xo
Loves getting off subject in class to a point where were all making machine gun noises
stay outta my way Kevin...I'm plyn Binions too....let me take this one, buddy....cya.... good luck!
The Hunger Games are amazingly amazing!!!!! :) I Can not STOP reading the book!!!!!!!!!!!
Wish I was at #mladla11 this week instead of writing final papers. Looking forward to following the action on twitter!
goodnight! so tired! #bye bye twitter!
But before that to happen there is urgent need to address the leadership crisis at home!
is thankful for all the reasons it's worth it. Here's wishing you all a bountiful Thanksgiving!
you sound depressed
Seek your destiny before it finds you.
You just can't beat a good 'ol west Texas thunderstorm!
Already have a meeting for June 2013 #wedding this week. Send any brides you know my way to talk about a wedding video.
WE FOLLOW BACK! RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK :)
Get money my nigga, make good wit yur ppl.
Male Actor in a TV movie or miniseries goes to... Paul Giamatti for "Too Big to Fail". Another hit as far as I'm concerned
Finished Spanish homework :/ was hard
booty lounge at mnf - make it happen!
it seems like no one's happy anymore..
NORWAY SON !!!!
True, i was always low key so i didnt care what they was talkin RT : I didn't have time for that
Gonna be a long day. Lots to do.
2012 Resolution #1: Don't let yourself feel old. As Steve Jobs said, Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish.
Check out my video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
I loved iCarly tonight best episode ever!!! I <3 1D!
We'll have to hold a private catered team #TSW2011 meeting to discuss. cc:
Ah! That just reminded me that I have a pair of cheap, tinny brand headphones from an old lunch and learn. Cheers, sir!
haha i bet! and did they play the whole album?
they're heaven. There are ones that are vinyl, but these are leather. $52 at Macy's.
You can be a great player at an average program or you can be part of an elite team and become a superstar.
The Yankees played really good tonight :) I thought they were going to come back and win it! Hope you had fun! :)
woo i should get mine out and we can have a race! :) love you .xx
Peace sir
Hello everyone thank you for welcoming Healthy Hair Products. Please visit today. www.healthyhairbyracheal.com 1800-910-8603
have u worn all those clothes?
sounds like your missing a pretty good Preds-Bruins game it's tied at 1 at 2nd intermission
Why Automating Social Media Marketing Could Hurt ... - Deon Designs
The worst pitching staff in baseball strikes again. 6-5 Royals.
Got asked if I was going to watch the Masters. I laughed.
Pretty much. I still haven't experienced it.
OOps! still getting used to this
BJ the cat was looking great this a.m.
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. - Nicholas Murray Butler
it is so creatively insane and awesome that i would buy one if i had any money.
that is gorgeous!
YAY! batteries! progress pics coming very soon! :)
ok well let me know!
I haven't found language to be an issue in major cities. Off the beaten path is a little tricky, but still manageable.
#PhiMA Nike thinks that the like button is the most valuable thing on the web-how does Facebook make money on that?
I wish the interstate dropped me off at my house. I can't deal with people on the state roads....
Loved time trialling in the pool with , watch out he is getting faster! (I think a flip turn class is next)
You're an asshole. Big man sitting on his ass at home watching some guy get carried out on a stretcher, calling him a "wimp"
<U+201C>: they used to be 24 now them things 35 ,<U+201D>u already kno
Uh tryin to get temple run on my phone
Old media doesn't do the job anymore-no reminiscing like with old art. New media does the same as the old but faster/better
Oh Yes he is, Romans 1:20
I wanna plant a forest tomorrow! But, Mr. Kearns hates me, so hollllllla.
#Reds vs #Cards is always big. Should be a good game tonight with these pitchers on the mound!
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
Just got done with practice. BTW. Check out www.kincadeapparel.com. new sponsor!
I hate Geometry with a deep passion.
It's going to be a long, long night...
I was just wondering if you knew what day or even month the update for the #NTC app is coming this summer? (Sorry! I'm excited!)
I wish I knew how to program. A little PHP could go a long way these days.
WELCOME TO TWITTER!! :)
miss talkin to u too
find the file on thingiverse and we can print you one out
I *knew* you'd like that one. Now, off to roast some ochre :^)
Tiger Woods needs to start hanging with Charlie Sheen...then he'll start
Coming at me wit Grillz (fake ass grillz mind yu) you a grown ass man dont decorate your teeth
makes sense. That's what I did at Bloomington, IN too. still, it's too bad.
Audition in the morning for a Texas Lottery commercial...it's either feast or famine for auditions.
If you sow wheat that's what you will reap, not corn.
I'm fine too and yes too HAHAHA. Which place are you going to go to?
aye inbox me ya number?
Wednesday works fine, just text me (if you still have my number) a time!
That's awesome, congrats!
After work I know imma b a complete mess
coming all the way from Milwaukee,WI to see u put a hurting on the Rams in Nov. U da big boss man
I'll totally share just not over here
Your tweets got me in a "Joyful Joyful" mode...keep 'em comin!!
just got off of work and took a nice hot shower I am tired as hell good night everyone ...
Bowling later wifff Brie and Kayla!!! :)
you're scary??
good luck!!
...probably we need a combination of business incentives, targeted tax increases & linked fee elimination to drive $$
EVERYBODY IN THIS MEGA POT FOR TONIGHT!!!
You Are A Truely Amazing Mother:)
just finished my last paper of the semester... FUCK. YES.
#Touch is all new tonight !
We're trying to brother! Know any good spots where bands like us play all the time?!
plz follow my friend plz she is the bigg est fan she has a alot of posters of u
watching Braxton Family Value
haha no kidding. so tired of the gloom
where is the show? Just want to tip the wait staff. Ha.
all good :)
obviously something epic for a grand BBQ but would need a dedicated server for that
<U+201C> Love like you'll never been hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.
Schlereth "I definitely deserve in my opinion, havent been throwing well and I completly agree with it"
last test tomorrow! And my first D:
Goodnight Twitter =)
I wanna create sweet musical noises.
What just happened with the Grammys.. went to the local station..
I perused the 4th floor looking for you. Where are ya??
What are the top three music cities in the US?
LDI: Candidate comments informative/inspiring; alignment toolbox developments exciting; vendor relationship building rewarding!
Life is like a portrait, you've got to make it
I ROCK WIDD IT WHERE U AT LOL
Good people are very hard to come by.
(( bwahahaha..... so much more fun watching someone else ))
Same with Meg Whitman. Both destroyed valuable companies and became GOP pols.
Great PPC class !
perhaps it was created by a Rangers fan posing as a Devils fan for that precise reason. That's the only logical explanation.
Ryan Braun. RT The best performance of the day goes to _______________
"Success is not a result of pursuing what you want. Success is a result of pursuing who you need to become!"
unless you spent it puking
is postig to facebook via twitter
Follow back!x
Like in my opinion, I hate to say it but the only good performances were RNG and .....8 flavas.
Thanks ump! :)
Never slow down always stay focus
Our patio is open so you can finally get some vitamin D! No more bad weather, but we can serve you a dark & stormy cocktail!
I'm thankful but I want something closer
Prevailed on a half million dollar summary judgment motion. Happy Friday!
The Beginin Of Errting Is More Lyk Ur First Tym On A Bicycle. U'l Flop A Dozen Tymz But As Soon As U Get A Grip Of It U Becum Ur Own Bozz
Happy Veterans Day to all of those that keep, and have kept us safe!
My turn to rock the miami shades in this hot weather B)
just realized is going to coach us to a national championship next year.
a special good night for u
This drive is too long.
Congratulations, !! You're amazing!!
Good morning :) just woke up
Such a beautiful spring day. Too bad I'm at work.
Wait a second, DANIEL BRYAN VS CM PUNK!!
It's the work of - John Wynn -
My dad stay commenting on my Fb
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and sittin, talking bout bitches that we almost had... -Drake
Who has a Skype table at a wedding?
( you just call me but didn't say much wow
RT paul-brian mcinerney: no one is atheoretical, everyone has theoretical assumptions. even engineers
exactly. I like being with friends more than sports.
We Need 9 more "likes" to reach our goal!!
'I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing.'
Hi everyone - Zay
I get that about alcatraz. I find it hard to belive house could practice after the car thing.
lol u r crazy!!
not so much!
lol shut up Brandon
come to ohio ill be on your show
Good night guys :)
Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :)
my kinda philosophy
lol im done, go be with your other "bitches" !
Is writing on mattresses the new thing...or what
u come over to my house yo sabrina ameria rayana janie the other katerra dymand and some other girl i dont know came 2 my crib
can we help with something?
I asked a "Gen C" person today if they were on LinkedIn and they said "What's that?" Selective connectivity...
The food channel has great tips for delicious and easy meals. ~~~~~ Bobby Flay
Bo Ryan joins Mike and Mike right now to discuss the Uthoff transfer.
no better reason to invest in silly straws
Its sad to see people's interest decrease when you mention God.
RT : Stanford AD Bob Bowlsby told his staff he's gone.
Thanks for the tweets, Mike. Drop me an email sometime. Love to get to know.
I'm jealous.
Try listening to Don't Shut 'Em Down by Flogging Molly and not thinking about the riots in the UK.
I work hella fucking late tonight. Damn I won't get home til 4 in the morning ...
"It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere". ~ Agnes Repplier
I'm not a fan of reality tv but the more I hear of companies pulling ads, the more I want to watch it #All-American Muslim
i love you my baby Christian <U+2665>
Everybody Deserves Second Chances, But Not For The Same Mistakes. <3
damn, nothing pops off on Mondays either.
Cody was sculpted by Angels I swear... He is just too perfect!
My work day has come to a close! Hump day tomorrow!
Get ready to get destroyed in some poker.
...Heart attack averted. Go SDSU!
you need to research Paltalk.com on the internet racist movement at it's finest
I LOVE MY MOM :)
We are busy gearing up for the Jimmy Buffett on-sale this coming Monday! Who is planning to be online right at 10am?
Pee Dee, Eh?
thanks girl!
No fun! feels your pain. Where are you located? We can get it fixed pronto.
fuck you David Gill!
Hahaha, it's called being a dedicated fan. :) I'm in the same boat.
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! LOVE WA Wines!
yes, i had a man this morning while i was getting coffee dressed like a bumb tell me he wanna link up tonight.
i hope my bitch does well on SNL tonight
Big Ang is doin it right
I'm sorry. Hope the photo helped some.
RT : RT : Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
Kentucky Breakfast Stout on tap today only. - $6 drafts till they're gone.
i want the T Pain microphone!(:
Gandhi's statement "Be the change you want to see in the world" takes on a whole new meaning with www.IamINC.biz
You know what I am bout to have a good time
that sounds very odd. and sweet?
agreed! #socents play a great role in #data collection, interpretation, #affordable #access &
Same here! I have been busy lately so i couldn't get on but now i'm here! Where are the other wives?
Frances Lennie keynote: compares indexing to portraiture-indexers to artists
lol. It could've been possible
i want a carters hot dog so bad :'(
that's cheap
Full moon tonight... let's see if Maggie makes her appearance early or if the full moon myth is false.
Do you have a blueprint, a map for success? Get it now and save yourself time & $$ www.ProfitOnline101.com
And the pitching inconsistency continues
YES NYC!!! Get those tickets gurrrrl
He wasn<U+2019>t: He was a *minority* kid with skittles and iced tea, and that makes it all OK. Or something. :-/
oh no!! If its in the city, be weary of who tows it! Lots of shady business happening with tow trucks in the city
something that shields the muffler underneath idk what it's called lol
yes in times square
Sunday Funday we got some breakfast stuff fer u, Great Bloodys. Come say hi to Theresa today and Kati tonight.
tell me they don't want it back. I just made an awesome alarm clock/tanning bed/gene mutator.
Baked chicken breasts, stringed beans, corn, and rice. Time to smash!
Madison Pharmacy Associates <U+2013> Start at foundation of health to reduce menopause symptoms: diet + exercise + nutritional supplementation.
Is that the At the Ballpark app? I have not been able to get that thing to work.
and vs tomorrow. Any bets? ;D
My friends are so mean to me. Lol
Had a root canal yesterday, so I sympathize! Hope you can take care of business Sunday vs. the Ravens -- they beat up the Jets!
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love. Spinoza
I know I be so fn busy yo..my life speed went from 30 to 100 ever since I left BB. Smh. Lol. I be tired as shit.
i live in Ny lol so start a walkin here
Dumb question, but do bike pumps need a needle? I have a pump, but it wont fit on the tire.
Zero Dialect this sun at Southport Hall in Nola!!
because I'll be the key to unlock the light in your universe!
dragon ball z Kai and gt air on nicktoons + wat about naruto, bleach, and fmab that air on adult swim
Emergency Extractor
thx Brian. #CES is coming-up quickly & we R extremely excited 2 show the world!!! Will U B thr?
Gym complete <U+0001F44D>
Accurate name-calling can be done by people of all ages, boss. Next time keep your opinion on such a sensitive subject to yourself
Shopping List: Hunger Games shirt and gray Vans.
Why is 'The Incredibles' trending? Ank' that movie 100 years old... Then we got 'JustinBieberVEVO' trending, he has been hacked.
I hate when people see me cry, it makes me feel so weak
Need training? We come to you. 365 days out of the year we continue to train. www.policemountainbiketraining.com
If Lee Harvey Oswald were put on trial today he would be found not guilty either by insanity or some Bleeding Judge would throw out
#bieberfact A hater once said Justin was the reason his parents divorced, and he cried
Going home and napping
Oh my gosh, your hair looks super adorable. <3
Dex: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.
good April fools trick!
skinny tie, paint brush, black. Done! Lol.
douche. stay away from her.
RT We always have two choices, accept conditions as they are or take responsibility for changing them.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You are an inspiration to all!
Results pending. :P
i miss you more sam .. you and julia should come visit me soon i have my own place now
2nd period have killed the Hawks this yr. Hopefully 3rd is theirs GO HAWKS!
I can't do this anymore.
we all love your stuff jen
have a good day at school
WOW! Thanks so much to all of my new followers, I look forward to your tweets as well! :)
haha candy! You?! (;
#ireallywant for things to be different
This will probably be an added upset to the perception of the stability of the Democratic Party
You diddn<U+2019>t even go!
When it rains, it pours
Hee hee :-) That's how we work.
...#student loans outstanding now exceeds $1 trillion. Americans now owe more on student loans than on #credit cards-USA Today
Finished my IOE flight & I'm now a #JFK Inflight Crewmember :) Thx to those who helped me get there
diplo is sick
We're back on Top of the Twin Cities this morning on Sunrise.. at the Foshay Tower. Use #topoftc to let us know what you think!
some of the people i follow suddenly became "unfollowed" for some reason. twitter's messing with me today......
you're welcome! <3
OMG me too. :o What's your school?
yup me too
i hate u! Ugh! Hahaha
Basketball 101: A good shot in any offense is one that has been practiced over and over and over...
Good morning and happy Tuesday! Enjoying my day off, and working on getting rid of that ever growing laundry pile!
Thank you for the mention, Jurgen Best wishes for the new year.
3 blue dots for indoor, 3 blue (unhappy) dots for outdoor. It's okay. I'm sure I can hang until April to get a new deal.
that perkins pick was gnarly
Thanks - this is a great quote! I like this one too..."Actions are visible, though motives are secret."
Love the LOVE! RT : Following back. Shout out from
as long as S.U. isn't the first 1 to lose to a 16. Ugh...
can you follow me back? :)
The #PittsburghMarathon is is only 11 days!!! RT if you are participating!!! #Pittsburgh #Running #Race Life is Good
Welcome to Buffalo! RT Just landed in Buffalo.... Feels good this is a great atmosphere.
The lion on narnia is god....say what??
Hopefully the African American History Museum will pick this up.
"There are two kinds of music. Good music, and the other kind."~Duke Ellington
thank u sweetie!!
DON'T FORGET! Vote for today and tomorrow!!
yes do tell !
BatteryPower.co is offering 20% off ALL Replacement Laptop Batteries!! Today only till 10PM Eastern!! Pass it along!!!
Feeling good!
no I'm sad! You need to come down here!
I can do without 3D movies. 2D is more than ok with me.
I LOVE OUR BACKGROUND
My step-son loves that movie. He's a pretty good guitarist himself. :)
Great headline, "John Edwards: Criminal or Jerk?"
hey did you ever find out if your coming to Tampa?
Has any social studies teacher tried to flip a classroom?
The only problem with me is that I'm waiting for my dreams to happen when I'm supposed to make them happen.
yeahh hopefully I'll be going there next year for grade 9(:
ilovefood. food>friends
Text Caleb at (973) 457-1736 and say Hi! (text only, calls won't go through)
I REFUSE TO LOSE EVEN IF I'M NOT WINNING CAUSE I HAVEN'T LOST YET!!!
Thats cool RT : yea kinda.. If I can roll w u so I can get in
just got back from Sherlocks Westheimer in Houston from rockin and sipin!
it was a bad day
since the most famous people on dancing with the stars 2012 are urkel and gladys knight (sans pips) shouldnt they rename the show? (really.)
/// Your team lost.......get over it. Its just a game. You're not on the court, you're watching it from TV. Chill.
Selena Gomez: Who says you dont pass the test? Me: Coach Hill.
text me
Back in the office and so ready for 2012! Lots of work, trips and concerts to look forward too :) Happy Tuesday everyone!
hoe/housewife, double-life.
#Stocks close out the worst week of the year. #Dow loses 1.5% for the week. S&P drops 1.9%, #Nasdaq slides 2.2%
um txt back
What I like is the transparency & the way it can bring ppl together. We nd mr places like this, real & virtual.
Dylan, I hope you feel better :( Take it easy.
Thinks should go to Deadwood South Dakota. look it up! The sherifs chair is suppost to be haunted, the ol' west times :))
Congrats on making 332 calls tonight Michael! Keep up the good work!
Of course you do! everyone does
Need to get ready cause I'm getting picked up for work soon but I'm sitting on my bedroom floor in my underwear watching wizards
barely day two Haha
,Someone needs to defend the House, Obama had the Veto pin but no one says so, just let Congress take the hit & loose Maj.
I had a lot going on the past few months but imma b down there dis weekend to c y'all did u have a baby shower already
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
I love you
Trying to contact my other women shit them hoes do when they feel like their entitled to position
Can't wait for my food to arrive... have never used before. Kinda excited.
watching #AGT from last night and wtf is the bird lady thinking she needs a man
How easy is it to ignore the message and continue as you were
heading to Board meeting of tonight at UCSD Burn Unit; expecting to learn a lot
SUMMER HIT. WATCH.
Good to hear. :)
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
DO IT!
Current ACM-ers! Check your email for information on a need-based scholarship!
I have the best trainer there is... he makes me laugh and cry, all in one hour. ;)
in most cases you need an appointment - we book up fast! We can help you make one via twitter if you like:)
i guess im the cool band member who actually cares to tweet on here sometimes.
Will do!
oh, fun!
At bank one teller wearing flip flops the other is without shoes...casual friday indeed.
I admit, I examine backgrounds in twitcons....
Sigh... Is it that bad. I had to stop looking at my copy because I keep finding things to fix. It will never be perfect.
Whitney Huston tribute tonight @ Salmon Springs park. We're there Live
great example!
#ihateitwhen you hit the following limit!
hey do you play fantasy soccer/futbol/whatever?
I'm pretty excited - just put a deposit down on a table.
Bahaha!!! And most people don't know "they're" shit!!!
Anyone else excited for baseball?
Gary Williams, Johnny Holliday, Len Bias to be honored this ...
hey... you get my dm?
Ah, gotcha bro. Yea that's right doesn't Kindness rune like break the game basically and skyrocket anyone's attack?
the next night the energy was still there. Im saving now to goto trying to make it 3 in a row
its amazing how fast i fell for you, and now i cant see myself with anyone else.
So um I was hoping for a reply last night, cause that's when I wanted you to come >;D
Do you have your very own official Mile High Medical Cannabis Jar yet?!? Only $5.00. They are SWEET!! :)
Well, honestly. Being a advisor isn't REALLY work for me, it's more like playing dress up w/a bunch of girlfriends!
Need a new year's resolution....
Teach your children good #flossing habits early on... it may help them have beautiful smiles as adults!
I NEED TO QUIT SMOKING CIGARETTES
RT : We're getting ready to head out to for the Garden for the Community planting!!
because I passed out on Monday!
Aren't they just miserable?!
Come sing with us on our Noches Bohemias tonight! Any singers out there?
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man
Feel I got a long way to go.
That was re: your #FF hashtag. I wish I were going to and , but I'm going to #SWMadison instead :-)
come with tonight
didyou ever get a screener for The Los Angeles Ripper?
I love when tweeps tweet that they 'just posted a new pic'...like we're all going to get all excited and go click on it. #whoexactlyareyou?
Here's hoping you heal up quick and get back to sleeping - cause that's where more dreams and tales come from!
Farewell Firefox, it's been swell.
State Dock is a few weeks away, and we are SO EXCITED!!!!!
I'm excited for you that sounds fun lucky you!
Hope to meet you at a twitup soon. Merry Christmas!
Yep. Thought it was gonna be caught. Sigh. RT : Gotta get Ike the RBI there... C'mon Turner...
Early morning memorization requires extra caffeine.
What's in the water in Darien, IL? There are more prospective High School composers for our workshop there than any other town in Illinois!
Please do that.
- Test & learn. Immerse. Think in ecosystems. Scale what works. Understand when to monetize. Show you care. Have fun.
Love and do what you like
Danny Granger and Paul George both still scoreless with 2:29 left in half. Pacers still up 7. Heat still wearing their flippy floppies.
<U+201C>: This Saturday May 12, is Shop With day at Rochester from 2-5pm! Don't forget! It's mothers day!<U+201D>
Thank you!! :) RT : I love the haircut! You look fabulous!
Nothing says thank you more than a gift certificate from Spa Me.
And don't get me started on Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Lee Trevino
Pack your bags! 3 weeks left to enjoy the Pebble Beach Spanish Bay special. One night and one round of golf starting at $500.Code: SBSPECIAL
<U+201C>: Sounds like the Twitterverse is starting to sway toward an OSU-LSU matchup.<U+201D> too bad Twitterverse doesn't have a say.
valley view rec center(: GO ON MY FB AND LOOK AT MY ALBUM.
I got tired of the cold its hots turn to piss me off too:/
hey thanks for following me and cal you play #follow she pro start crying if you do ;)
yeahh he did it before :( i missed it too !!
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
i want to massage your cock with my tongue
your welcome.
Fluoride's Deadly Secret http: //www.facebook.com/FluoridesDeadlySecret
RT: The song Taylor Swift will write when the guy from Glee dumps her is going to suck a pile of burned dicks.
#everyonehasthat1friend who has dramatic situations... if u dont see any of your friends complaining that means u are that friend
I just need you one more time, I can't get you off my mind
So my dad gets mad it me because I "Threw" a plastic plate at him...
Besides, I'm pretty sure the Yankees took a dive.
: Heath Bell sucks so much. Like the man. Don't like the results. Bad news for the Marlins
and the girl got my order wrong then when they got it right now I'm missing a freaking wing!
yeah no doubt. Hit me up.
We hope you got your fill of Baltimore's freshest selection of oysters today! Thanks for visiting! Come again!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music & Weekly Ticket Giveaways! Send an email to to sign up!
I am starting to develop a complex!
MEE<3 i had bad luck today, i fell off my skateboard about 2 times:(
Thanks, I came up with the idea because of my kids room. Now I'm trying to get inspired for some new designs that are similar
same follow me so we can chat in a message
didnt pay Chicago taxes,lived in a Chicago home/apt, attended Chicago schools,got robbed/jumped byChicago thieves/gangs?No lol
I was wondering can something be done with the targeting system. It seems wants barrels instead of the enemy. Great game!
I admit it, I love Phillip Phillips!
my life haha
Truth is I hate you and I wish the two of us were in the arena.
I want to try these! RT : A3: Cider Donuts from , in the fall, with hot apple cider
A majority of the House Republicans ran on the basis that government doesn<U+2019>t work. And now that theyre elected theyre determined to prove it
if the day isn't long then you can come over and we can do hair because I need my hair did and so do you
Follow back?:)
It's a dirty job! But some one has to do it!! #hopefullytheylearn ..... you are hearing me but are you listening?
Royals are looking pretty good so far!
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
Great weekend! Saturday and awesome shoot with and today
This ad for personal injury attorneys looks oddly like something that would be on a TV in the background of Total Recall.
where are you guys located
I will hit u 2morrow RT GOT A MACBOOK PRO 15IN. NOT NEW FPR $650
Ha! No, this is an ongoing debate among theater makers that I'm trying to understand.
Jhammin to the B-52's in hella traffic on 80 E. Any Sac brehs making it out tonight for snob theater?
JUST FINISHED EATING A LATE BREAKFAST FULL AS HELL
We Keep Moving :: We Keep Moving - National Multiple Sclerosis Society www.wekeepmoving.org
Thank #god that #linsanity isn't a douche about his beliefs.
Courtyard is getting packed! Come get some free food and watch the movie Superbad!
see you tomorrow!!
I just signed up for gmail. This is a giant leap for mankind.
Who the hell is walking around my neighborhood with a bucket of fried chicken everyday tossing legs on the ground? Sick chubs.
True this :O ": why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz? Why edit something that's already perfection??"
It's Tuesday, Tuesday, Gotta do a hop on Tuesday. (:<U+2764>
Lovin the BET awards. I love Chris Brown, Nick M, Mary J dang I love em all!
Seasons change...goodbye baby greens, well almost...asurption by an eggplant!!
#Radiohead's #TheKingofLimbs got pushed up to today. It's out now, check your download code's people! What do you think of it?
Can you bring those gauges tomorrow?! It'd be kind of like a Birthday present. c:
And rounding out the fun on the #AsiaTrinity Tour, Taiwan!
Cookies n Milk and watching Sweet Home Alabama I love this movie
RT This If You Will Always Support No Matter What! (: <3
Working on a 'speaks out' segment for with and trying to get a quote from and Amy Poehler
Dear mom and dad, we should go see The Avengers next week. Black Veil Brides has a song in it. Sincerely, someone part of the BVB army.
Don't mary a "MAN/WOMAN" unless you would be proud to have a "SON/DAUGHTER exacly like HIM/HER.
Rolling Thunder followed by Rolling car alarms followed by me yelling oh that was close !
Congrats, having a degree doesn't change the fact that you're probably an idiot...
you or alec in a one on one battle? Talk around LA is that alex is getting in game shape
safe travels Jenn. See ya soon.
I was a fat kid in grade 5 and my teacher tried to flunk me. I was like I'M TOO BIG TO FAIL! But then I collapsed..due to sandwiches
Backstreets back, ALRIGHT!
Living beautifully free:)
"This calls for a celebration." "Oh, we popping some of that bubbly?" "No, fool. Milk and cookies." LMBO. #NW My Baby's Daddy
At big jim's deli for an overstuffed sandwich
what is this from!? I've heard this!
Tell the truth on Cane for a change!
Ahahahahahahahahah!!!. :D welp I'm still not obsessed..@$&%#&#%
ohh, shut up!!!
See the scene after the credits in Avengers.
plz follow....yhur really pretty nd Im single :) jk lolz but I am single but ya imma big fan so ya :P
Parents texting you at school, great influence haha
I didn't lol..I turned the channel lol and he get a home run...GREAT
Great session with ! Also her outfit is adorable!
Pakistan gov helped OBL hide, that's no secret, that's obvious
I confess to both. It's one big bizarre innapropriate fantasy.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
lemmmmmme guess you know the secret too?
Stop Searching - Valencia
The game was lost by the LSU coach who failed to make player changes to improve chemistry.
Off to Indy for First Class Mentor Training at headquarters! Taking service to another level! :-D
Florence, Le roux, grand ol party, yeah yeah yeahs, tallest man in the world and the allman brothers should get you going.
love NE! I did a program at the Durham in Omaha. What is a "google-certified teacher?"
Lovely. My prep help for tomorrows brunch for 500 just heismann-ed me. I'm gonna be a chopping fool this evening. Team of me!
wait you've already seen our awkward moments video?!?!
Frightened baby of friend!
Please have her body in my house by 2am...no bag, preferrably gift wrapped. Tks.
Between this #WalkerRecall & the votes in #NorthCarolina I might just move 2 Canada - not bc I agree or disagree but bc its
At the meeting. They really let
By the way, Go Trojans, Fight ON! Beat Notre Dame! I am be pacing in anticipation of every touchdown!
who shapes Alex's boards?
Make sure you vote today. And feel free to join us in the ballroom of the Capital Plaza Hotel in Frankfort at 6p.m. as we watch the returns.
Epic Question of the Day: N*Sync or Backstreet Boys?
I remember those days :) m rubies mesquite shrimp burrito! Bomb ass food :)
Young Weezy looking colorful tonight....
Many people do not know just how sensitive a #Taurus can be at times. They hide it well. (via )!!!!!!!
Today is friday the 13th!? uh oh!
Rooney Mara <U+2019>s Edgiest Looks: How the <U+2018>Tattoo <U+2019> Star Is Pushing the Fashion Envelope (PHOTOS) Rooney Mara has definitely made a nam
Hate to go fix em tho.
aw! Thanks, lady :)
Get a little ironing done?
I know, it's a pretty rare car to own.
is there a kick around tonight at swope?
lol :D we are just hilarious people!
This puzzle will not get done tonight... :-(
Tell that to Braski.
The Broncos got a 6th round steal with Danny Trevathan. I don't care how big you are, you lead the SEC in tackles for 2 years, you belong.
Cool, thanks for pointing that out.
Lol last ad was about peanut butter facts- I'm allergic to the stuff lol why must I be reminded of this cruel fact often?!
Computing power in today<U+2019>s cellphones is higher than all the computers that took Apollo 11 to the moon.
Oh you're a Mahomie too? Let's fangirl together. ;-)
awesome! i will definitely hit you up!
O have you listened to EDX's On the Edge? Such a great album. You. Get to EDC.
To each your own
Yeah, my last tweet was a effect of the fact that I'm gonna be in the hospital tonight and tomorrow. :P
Whn willow Smith whips her hair rapidly like that doesn't hurt her neck?? Like if I ever did tht ill break my fucking neck haha
2 funerals and the flu - ready to get back to work!
S/o To Powder Puff Player
I hope things are going well for you.
just started working out. Time to exercise...
Toyota Makes Service Plans Standard
getting so sick of this..
OMG, that's excelente!!! You're on fire w/Zumba! #shakeshakeshake RT : How are you!! Headed to Zumba shortly - 6th class this wk!!!
trevaris has my headphones so im just sitting here w. shit to do besides tweet.
loved the interview #CKinterview, thanx for introducing tweetchat! Btw- how did you design your twitter background?
Just lying low - some hawks have been swooping down in park lately... but they seem to have flown off.
stepped up big time tonight against the big three 3 of Boston! Huge win
I did what now?
I have some done, but I haven't typed them out. I will later so its fresh in my mind.
Happy Friday! Open up at 4 PM and we'll be open full time from here on out! SMILE BIG!
I just farted ;) don't tell anyone
I better see #OOMF at the party tomorrow lol
Please mention more about the GI Bill and Higher Education Mr. President!
I am sure I would run into Ink again at other events. ^_^ It was a nice day.
did he have any thoughts Internet products based largely on user-created content?
Chillin at home. Watching Fast Five :-)
Preds FB Adrian Haughton fumbles near the goaline, Tampa Bay Storm recover for a touchdown. Storm lead 55-17 with 10:04 left in the game.
Oh Legacy Trail how I've missed you!
We have to change that fact!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
All you have to do is win. Nobody cares how you do it. #Packers have played up and down all season. Playoffs are a battle no matter what.
Thanks!! I wasn't sure which episode was going to belong to I love #ABDC and ! Gonna be good!
Who gon stop me? Huh
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. -Napoleon Hill
I'm good just finished watching Rango<U+0001F604> How are you?(:
<3 feel better punk
All Of My Heart - Sleeping With Sirens #nowplaying you still have all of my heart.... The small divided &independant pieces at least <//3
RT : #NM #ABQ Last day to sign up for Business Writing for Administrative Professionals...
I hear if you wait 42 minutes for the 42 bus the meaning of the universe is revealed
LOL, why are they just now telling us this?
That's good
no one ever told me to stay in school, but i stayed in school anyway.
Back to getting classroom set up. Classroom is starting to take shape.
Dick Clark at the age of 82 but ABC has just announced that he will STILL be appearing on New Year's Eve.
Getting going in the new year. Looking towards big things. New songs, new videos, new venues, let us know what you would like to see from us
Victorian Halls show tonight at with , , , and 7pm!!
yes goo! xx
When Pandora doesn't work, i want to kill someone
Handout cites Russell et al (2007) article in Science--it's specific to STEM fields
<U+201C>: McDonald's is poison to your stomach<U+201D>tasty poison
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Dick Clark in his dead form.
Actually had a good night, with and everybody else!
Getting to roll heading towards Portland. Passed some sleeping, only heard 1 bike on the road. C if I can make up time
#OWIF: Randyl won't step on the pier b/c it was made with public money. We threw him onto the rocks & now he's all cut up.
"I thought that was meredith"- Papa G. 2 minutes later... "Hey I didn't know Meredith was here!"- brennas brother.
...and I thought I was running late, wake up at 8:20 am, walk into my 9:30 class with 15 min to spare! Ninja.
Man, not eating for me is hard. Like how the fuck do people not get hungry all the time?
Heading to Seattle for about a week. Any restaurants I should not miss?
producer come fuck with the team..ha
It's weird getting introduced to someone with a very limp/cold handshake. I never remember their name when that happens
Need you windows scraped and painted? We do that to save you the pane!
Thanks ! Still working out a publisher but hope to have a limited print-to-order edition available soon...
So proud! RT : Congrats to the cast & crew of #PEACEINOURTIME for Best Revival Award!
Agreed. I will be using it for !
Hipsters stopped voting after suffrage was extended to the masses.
What hasn't arrived yet is not required yet & what is gone has served its purpose.... The universe always has perfect timing - Syncrodestiny
Dear Justin Bieber, One Direction, Zac Efron, or Ryan Reynolds... Just make our lives better and get naked. Thanks.
i'm glad your atleast resting your voice. it needs it!
Good idea! :)
Never happened
Sorry, I don't tolerate that word or the people who use it. Bye!
We would love to play a few songs on Free Form or something else! Let us know!!
while i do my homework, yes please!
Cant even do it. Bring me my e cig! I might feed you...
The current beard needs to pull an Amish.
you got mail
RT "you have to go zen" - #JRE podcast. Powerful life advice everyone should try.
Someone wanna clean the drumsticks for me??...I hate this part..lol..
I just found my Pok<U+00E9>mon movie from forever ago! OMG! <U+0001F49C>
Kristi Neace a police wife who provides support and encouragement for wives of officers, has written about Police Suicide at KristiNeace.com
i seriously need new friends, non fake ones preferably . & ones who live in California (: lmfao
Alright sounds good!! Is there a website or anything?
Happy Mother's Day!
I will never understand how people can like Eminem and One Direction at the same time....
#8days until my birthday. :)
Politics & Facebook don't mix well.
still in the studio with going stupid! Lol
It's a Classic Rock kind of day.
idk I thought u sold it to Justin?? Lol
just shut up
Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so. ;)
one of my guy followers completely slags justin & beliebers off and then expects a follow from him? lolololol no.
Back from vacation in St. Thomas and can I just say I am
FANCY huh ?!! R.Kelly . Nawww
2night the place 2 be is Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover all night! Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss ...
you on here/any site available any way.
TVP team taking a little mountain meditation trip to this weekend. 65 and sunny in Colorado, gotta love it.
#FlyMeToLondon so I can see the boys when they get back from Sweden! :)
also, that's a great pickup line. "[Damn, baby.] You have a fro [down there]? I want to touch and stick [my] pick in it!"
I'm trying man...trust me, I'm trying!
Wikipedia better not shut down. Just went to the doctor and I knew more from my wiki research than she did!
"Jenny with you I'm bound to smile way more then usual, laugh more then expected and leave with a good mood, your contagious" <3 -Love Sonia
so this might seem a little desperate but...
Everyone knows you're the best actor in Hollywood, some of the media I think does what they can to get a rise out of you..
I feel u..prolly stayin til the NBA finals are over..u stayin?
"What do you mean, we got outbid by the Marlins?!? "
no need to hold your tongue, small town or no.
isnt that simple. Byrd has a shit contract and Theo is smart enuf to know he isn't a fix. Just gotta wait bro, sry
4 rvs 18 guys unlimited open bar and our tailgate for Ou/tx starts Wednesday best tailgate in the USA
Conditions to win 2 #Colts tickets: 1) YOU must personally use tickets 2) Must be able to pick up tickets in Indianapolis by Friday 5pm.
Greetings & thanks! RT : It's all about the girls->
that ending was insane needs to investigate there..... SOBER!!!!
Support #Disneys #Chimpanzee opening weekend. $$ goes to Jane Goodall Institute
I hope you never have to carry more than you can hold.
#Israel keeps talking about their new #CleanEnergy like EVthing just peachy there.Like theyre not murdering people as we speak.
My back is not a voicemail please say it to my face
***Singing*** Prototyping and it feels so god.......
hahaha nah, but we should go somewhere where there are attractive men. Somewhere cool on SoCo. Gueros maybe? #tacowednesday?
You're working too hard to dislike it.
my eyes still red..
You know you wanna bite this.
Actually this time in the semester is really fun. Just got a sweet phone call from a freshman trying to find peer reviewed articles.
"Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you. Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be."
The squirrel is back!
You are so kind. Thank you!
i forgot... Lol
what up man...i knw ive been m.i.a
ill take that as a compliment ;)
"royal" blue...haha!
Been a while since we've planned something to trend in KC after a goal. Lets get ready to do something next weekend, huh?
Emily. and yours? :)
are you guys really broken up?
Torn isn't just "Another 1D song"-Kelly
i'm juss asking
all i here in my head this morning is "Why Stay The Same When You Can Get Better Each Day" #upearlytotrain Thanks Pres!!
So impressed that answered all customer service emails herself.
THanks for the retweet Harry!
MedRisk Unveils New Website
*Sending you my prayers* hang in there.
Welcome to the D!
All bst 2 u JD FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
i wrote you a song i try not to sing, it opens a door i have trouble closing
But then whipping! <U+201C>: . describing the 'XML' view of the world. <U+2026>'tho' in practice lots of invalid XML!) #bibnext<U+201D>
are you coming to lower Manhattan? The local 6 to Harlem is too far away.
okay. Well I'm here whenever you need me(:
Happy Valentines Day!
If your book's been overlooked again then it's the former. RT Is it poo-litzer or pew-litzer?
Man I can't believe Josh Hamilton drank some alcohol. Hey whatever happened to the hundreds of athletes who took actual steroids?
You acted like the only reason you didn't order food was that you hadn't yet arrived at the restaurant.
<U+2022> Crocheted mustaches???? AWESOME. Can you tweet a picture?
#FF my sister She's Coo, Loyal, And Tap dances
BORDER BATTLE ALERT: Join us at tomorrow night as we welcome for a joint hockey game watch party! Puck drops @ 8pm.
and I have decided that our dissertations need soundtracks. Because they do.
sounds like a nice & intelligent guy...
I might have to start a new Pinterest. Now I have two different peeps following I don't want to know my thoughts.
The Heat have a 2-0 series lead against the Philadelphia 76ers, brooms will be needed
Business cards ,posters, stickers, magnets, shirts and a few things more for the show on june 2 coming verry soon and fast !!! Yeah dat
Lin Sanity continues tonight. Let's go Knicks. Carmelo with have a great night.
Barbara Walters that's fucked up RT I truly believe that the leading cause of pedophilia in this country is sexy children.
Will you be stopping by the Spring Game tomorrow? We'd love to see you before you head off to the NFL!
Monday Night Football: 49ers vs Cardinals. Is it Tuesday yet?
I just might twitter date someone
With this weather, it's only right that I take a ride and burn one with my favorite bitch, aka yo bitch!
I am already on it. just started following you on
What do you look for in good writing submission? Our guest judge says she looks for writing that is dangerous. Tell us yours
Pregnant snooki, just what this world needs...
Given how weak the job inquires are, it ought to be easy for good writers to stand out and find work. Not that it is, but it ought to be.
its your table lol.... Eat naked if you want to lol
Yeah, in fact, they've been publicly discussing it for a while. RT : I think Wikipedia planned this shit.
Chen wow! 2 k's in the top of the first including Lord Hamilton
A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.
Where is Tim Tebow? Signed, Crazy Nuggets stalker at Broncos game
Woke up before 7 on a sunday without any alarm. Going to bed early is the best.
Severe weather moving into the Dallas Ft. Worth Metroplex. Mayfest is closed in advance of the storms.
HAHA oh Lordy, I wish I was there to witness that masterpiece :D
I feel like I graduated yesterday .. 2 years ago tho ? don't feel like it .
R Kelly - Love letter
Just walked by two skinny freshmen all dressed up talking about how they're on diets. #excusemewhat?
Jaime is looking for new in-ear headphones. He left his old 700's in a jacket and washed them. Any recommendations?
Man, do these negative thoughts get to me.
If you're ever having designers block just drink a huge glass of coffee, that should get you going ;)
Planning road trip across America and trip to Tokyo! Woohoo!
me or JessicaSanchez? ..lol :D que pasa, mi amigo?
Considering neither of has millions of dollars (nor cars, for that matter), *no* must be the real answer.
#WeBelieveInAustin I love you and believe in you very much<3
You can have #BV more than once, and even #women who have not had sex can get
who takes showers this late
Happy birthday, !!!
thanks Mike!!
I'm so excited! If you're able to make it you should definitely come say hi!
This season.
Thinking of you.
its wonderful:)
Thanks for this Janus! Much appreciate
if i was to sit around & wait for yo tax money... or for you to take care of me... all u hoes a want me...
all about that loyalty says alot
please follow me
I will go down with this ship, I wont put my hands up & surrender, there will be no white flag above my door. Im inlove and always will be.
no, you don't need to bring a partner, i was just wondering cause they had a one person and a two person deal
Lmao RT : I could give up on partying, but I'm not a quitter.
did someone say you were?! If so.. Who? I'll beat em up for ya(:
No, but there is the traditional shaming my mother for using too much tomato sauce.
I'm so hungry right now.
Up so early. So much to accomplish today. Like going back to bed.
Even though I feel down and out, I am still blessed. My situation will get better. I believe that...do you?
The dr is in!
lol what do you mean rude??
had a blast playing the Kookie Neighbor in a spec commercial for SNUGGLE w/ award-winning Director Elena Shpak. www.amandabrookelerner.com
Our rooftop deck is alway happy to have you!
Irreducible ie to the explanatory norms of any community or political ideology. Mentions as model.
I saw a preview. Is it worth watching? Was walking thru Lincoln Square and saw sword fighting in a gym!
<U+201C>: do you hate indiana now i thnk that's a yes<U+201D> this is so true.
Finally moved from Illinois to Wisconsin. What a transition!
congrats buddy, keep up the good work and welcome to the working mans world of sports
really? I'm hyped for high school! I can't wait!
I don't judge. People like all kinds of weird character pairings. That one is not the most logical.
duh, everybody knows.. but I was really talking about (:
Returned from South Africa about a week ago. Trying to get back into the swing of things. Very exciting possibilities for digital work.
I DONT KNOW HOW TO TELL BOYS I LIKE THEM
Teacher leave the room during a test: Elementary -*silence* Middle - *whispers*Hey Can I have gum? High school- *yells* HEY WHAT'S NUMBER 1?
its fake trouble. Not his fault!
Guess? heheh I also see your new profile pic hehe pretty hot ;P
thanks for the compliment on the website. I am fortunate to have a designer for a husband! I do love the new layout too!
Q said it was a disgrace tonight.
We have our Day 10 #SpringMadness WINNER!!! ***AMY SEYMOUR*** is the lucky winner of the Roku LT Streaming media player!
it was 40 in MIA last night
this will make it 103
<U+201C>: we are so very proud of you and all you have accomplished.<U+201D>>>>love u
Hey : Whaddya say you hop a flight to SF to hang out with me???
Lol... Apparently, I'm the only person knows who literally spells the letters "LOL" out loud instead of actually laughing.
Shots on me!!!!where u @?
CAN I COME?!
Everyone at coffee shops look lonely but no one ever talks to each other.
I think he was looking to launch some kind of startup so I decided not to go over bc I didn't want him to think I heard his idea.
That Is The Best Movie In The World, Hater!
S/O to the chusma in my class. Great job, keep it up.
hahahaha best part is definitely the bottle
It's hard enough to predict the weather for 2 weeks, how can a college basketball analyst predict the 4 No. 1 seeds for NCAA next year?
Currently listening to "Good and Bad" The vocal arranging gives me everything I need right about now.
LOL an old lady, thanks :)
I know right ?! -___-
Bored and i know alot of my friends and followers havent added me on psn yet so do that.... Finesse034
tv sitcom cuz it would be a variety not just about one topic like an hour play or movie :)
Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house ... kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kind
The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for 1 purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career. - C.S. Lewis
How did Richmond treat you? I wish I could of stopped by to said hi and to keep up good work!
I emailed Dan a couple hours ago. Haven't heard back. This is turning into #fail after
Best all Corey Haim's Family & Friends. Sad way to live & die.
I want to go to an Italian #Ristorante like the one in the Lady in the Tramp
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Isn't that wonderful! Love Spring!
You are super welcomed! Thumbs up vs. scissors.
but you have nice hair so you don't need it
the start of my day included lots of vomiting! Woohoo!
But the other guys are just MORE beautiful!
Boehner is purposely leaning out of frame either because he's wearing a rage face or he's asleep.
you probably wish it was Louis instead.
yes hahaha! That was a fantastic fall moment!!
Did you find the right video person? Happy to help, let me know if you're still looking.
This #h5o episode reminds me of The Dark Knight :P
what are you thinking of majoring in though?
God give us epign<U+014D>sis of who you are. Pronunciation: e-p<U+0113>'-gn<U+014D>-s<U+0113>s (Key) precise and correct knowledge
i hate it when me + whoever r saying how much better it'd b if we were day drinking then i pull out my flask and they say, oh..i was kidding
"I love watching NASCAR!!"
nothing just at school & you and you're welcome(:
Happy birthday !! Greatest little sister to ever roam the earth :) Yeah, that's not an exaggeration
send me something to my email
Sometimes awkward people can be so much fun.
Always happy to share - keep us posted on how we can be of service down the road.
Guys, I can't truly enjoy your comedy unless there's at least five thousand pop culture references in it. Keep diggin' deep, friends!
So true re Newt: "the thing about not having any responsibility is you can say irresponsible things."
Custom Cupboards Launches Spring Products At Kitchen &amp; Bath Industry Show: Exotic Veneers, High Gloss Finishes ...
thanks so much for
This finals week will be the death of me.
Thanks for the RT
haha! Thanks for playing homie-LOVED YOUR SET! Glad to finally pop your Rogues Cherry.
Oh, I got it about a year and a half ago. When are you?
NOM!! Is that mango?? It looks delish! :)
Because it was the strangest thing. I'll message you my # on FB so we can talk about it if you want
Lifes too short to eject the disk correctly.
I'm so amped now I'm super wired on some #SugarFreeRockstar Wow <U+2605>Rock<U+2606>Star<U+2606>Status<U+2605>
Girl don't you got school in the morning? Why you at your boyfriend house anyway at midnight, take that ass home!!!
LA is very all right if you're down with , , , , , and tortas.
Harry Nilsson=my hero
I must have a sign on my car that reads "please cut me off"
GROUPon is like a COUPON for a Group. What if we employed the same INCENTIVES in our classrooms?
Found a Law & Order: SVU marathon on TV. That's the stuff.
Today's the day I search all of Twitter with "Irish music sucks" and reply with "THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER!"
I hate that im death from one ear and I have a country ascent "/
Sure, it's just that I'm usually working w/all 4 elementary PLUS some secondary schools. Getting to the High Schools? I wish.
To the 8th inning we go NO HITTER for Angels
Building a tuition payment system with Drupal ... still ... uh, check back with me later ...
Nicki Minaj with these pepsi commercials <> Corny & cute at once.
that time you hosted friday night lives was awesome! lets grab coffee sometime
People see it as doomsday but the song says "this could be your finest hour". Your a light on a hill. Are you ready to shine?
Oh shit, Human Centipede 2 is on Netflix. Tonight will be glorious.
Wilson's Monday night madness. Take Missouri +1.5 ncaab
Just saw #JackandJill w/ #AdamSandler. It was a lil' goofy (of course!) but it reminded me that everyone can find that someone rite 4 them
thanks Adam - looking forward to it. Hope things are going well for you!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is UNDERSTAND.
I didn't know the white man was so nice
Freedom has a huge price tag and many have made the payment so we could join the millions that are free
One hour left of the telethon. Any amount would be greatly appreciated.
Here we are just trying to clear our throats and stretch our legs a bit, and all this commotion? Thanks for the interest ;)
Vincent is so cute :*
Thanks for the follows
LOLSZ BUT HE WANTED TO TAKE ME TO THE MOVIES TO NIGHT BUT I WAS LYK NO
Charity Partner spotlight: Socially Conscious Coffee running to bring education to 12,000 kids in Brazil
Wow.... God your amazing!!!!
I hate Starbucks
Grateful to my mom for house-sitting while I read & walk along the Lake in MI.
We won our +10 Units Last Night. What a game! Stolen Base 2.0 Today is the play of the day!
Legitimately cannot decide if I would rather go on spring break or go to Bruce
my mom is molding you in her image.
No Granger, No Hibbert, no problem. It's just Detroit.
just watched #Neverlution ... you must come to
my cat gave birth...we have 4 kittens c:
Thx for reminding us!! RT : Finally on my way to #SLA2012. Hope no one throws tomatoes at me during breakout session tomorrow
iJust Want You Back.
Alexander McQueen's 2007-2008 Spring collection is flawless.
haha! How did I miss this?! Lol
we're just getting ready for our show tonight !!! Its gonna be
I am at the NAACP offic in Las Vegas, volunteering. Support your local NAACP chapter.
Who cares... Maybe UW will finally be ranked #25 this week.... For 'One' week....
so rude. ahha
I'm going :) RT : Who wants to see Coldplay tonight at the Rose garden ???
When a positive experience occurs, take at least 20 seconds to focus on the goodness of that moment.
nope I'll email him today about it though.
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities. Wanna chat?
That awkward situation when your mom leaves you with the guests and you have nothing to say to them.
RT : so much depends upon a police officer releasing pepper spray to maintain safety.
Do you think parents that spank their children are abusers? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
blue is mint, green is melon, red is berry. Blue and green are my favorite.
Just got my school to unblock it. Most students had access anyway. I said let me model it in a positive way!
All the reggae and dancehall on this station >
Thank you Sarah!
Don't forget that I'll be playing with full Jazz Crush combo for "Second Saturday" jazz night at Kana winery in downtown Yakima. 6:30-9:30.
COME TO CAMBRIDGE:D HAVE FUN AND NOTICE ME :D HOWS MIAMI? DO YOU STILL GET SUBWAY?X
Guys who think they have all say <<< ha yeah right. Not happening.
#homeowners need more than justice, they need relief from #underwater #mortgages for #economy to recover. Banks owe people.
nah, I got to play with 's Kindle Fire ast night though.
<U+201C>: I bet a vagina looks awesome in a blind dude's mind.<U+201D>
Before you take off all your clothes remember<U+2014> you can't take it back.
is on Tuesday! Watching some tv and chillin with Bambi!
"All pussy aint good pussy"
Look is now tweeting. Follow this guy.
Dropped 47 points on the heat
Headed to University to teach <U+201C>The Church and the Poor<U+201D> class with Thanks for the opportunity, !
RT : And then... > along came jones!!!
So proud of the #Orioles right now<3
April Fools ;)
Murder mystery: Coming up at 5am: wait til you hear who's on the witness list for a man accused of killing his wife
Thanks, Cody. Appreciate the support. As a great man once said (that's me), it takes genius to know genius.
really? Oh do tell! How annoying? worse than an obnoxious client?
Right on!
One big room, full of bad bitches.
Frieze free drink duel with continues & parties. New rule: first one to throw up WINS.
FBCD new faces and new followers on board!!! It's getting ready to EXPLODE to new highs!!!
With my pops having lunch.
I love you!!!
catch the faith inspired Innovators music group during lunch hour concert today.get more o them cokesbury shop to get a.copy of our cd
just signed up for vimeo! fucking awesome!
The awkward moment when your bus is dead silent, and Legally Blonde is blasting through your headphones, and you don't even know it.
Having my assistant drive me to the airport this morning made me feel way more bAhler than I actually am ;)
RT : Boxer Manny Pacquiao is not welcome We are a gathering place for all Angelenos, not a place for intolerance.
All these couples walking around smiling n shit,wearing red n shit, laughing n shit,ain't a damn thang funny. She happy because $
#OneLongDay meeting and greeting @ the #ActionOnFilm festival! Find us and say hello!
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
loved you on WWHL w Andy ! You were Brilliant in "So Help Me My God" and "The Women" When you gettin back in the boards?
Some people just prefer to send cash through the mail. I'm just glad it reached me :)
Funny funny ha ha!!!
. great show @ blue bear benefit the other night. the jam w/kids was really fun. bring trigger hippy to !
you don't need an expertise, just need connections!
it's frustrating when good players leave. Bummer
My challenge is end-users mostly familiar with modern boundaries, searching records coded with ancient parishes/counties.
#BieberQuote: Interviewer: what is love? justin: uh.. have you ever had a dog? hahaha oh justin (: silly
With Eyes Open And Ears Tuned We Engage In Creative Action.
:*** TOMORROW U KNOW
clothe me... its getting cold out
THAT made me laugh... laughter is good to soothe my soul.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 11
Work partay tonight! I might get there right at the start so I can wander around emp before the fashionably late show up.
Good morning. great tunes on your youtube page.
We're making a SPOOKTACULAR HALLOWEEN table display right now! O!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Without morals and values, we are as nothing...and become as mirrors - a reflection of what radio & tv want us to become.
take home msg: to connect with your peeps at tradeshow, go w/story telling & allow ppl to experience the joy. immerse them!
I have a small bank that I put my change in when I get home from a day of shopping. And when it gets full I roll it up. And I rolled it ...
*jumping jAck* that's a funny ass fucken name. Like what the fuck? I think that was like the first Dance move.
Any discussion/blog requests?
I love you and missed you tonight
Start your meal off right-- We're giving away FREE steamed edamame when you check-in with foursquare!
since my recipe's that I like are all dairy heavy, figured you could enjoy RyJ instead ;) hope you had an awesome night! :D
I has a hungry :(
that's the spirit Good Luck to you
We had pleasant weather here w/ yesterday staying above freezing, then a 30<U+00BA> drop overnight that wouldn't even think of double digits.
Another earthquake
lmfaoooo they're so dumb!!!!
RT : People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
#SexualPickUpLines the world of the day is "legs". Lets go back to my place and SPREAD the word. ;)
When life gives you lemonade, get the fuck out.
will do!
#NBA NEWS: Oklahoma City Thunder's James Harden was named Sixth Man of the Year by the NBA on Thursday.
Twitter Can't Stop the $4 Dollar Fundraiser!
Disco nap then it's off to El Maguey 2nite for Hip-Hop Thurs. "Yoosa!"
You cannot stop the Internet.
Ordered an LTP. Made in Texas??
I can feel the sun whenever you're near ~
Tomorrow you shall be punched in the face with comedy...hard!!!
#Ifgagametbieber she would probably try to wear his shoes one her head as her new hat :)
yes i linked them to your blog lol
My 4 year old has mild Autism
you look great!
9/13 of my picks made it through :)
idk bro ima try and make it out there for memorial but well see
could you recommend a good caterer? I prefer one that not only cooks but has personality. Thoughts?
Trying to find decent tickets to the games in Atlanta. Any #BBN got 2 extras for me and my wife? ;)
that was a funny day. Best part of the suburbs is the nice and ample parking so I just drive everywhere ;).
I know
Looking 4ward 2 life settling down a bit, last 2 weeks have been the "pitts", RIP Pop!!!!!
u better hope luck is all worth this or this is on your head!.... Poor indy
follow adam & carlos' personal twitters! ,
We looked into the issue and contacted the customer that is associated with this account. Please DM if you still have issues!
Heehee ! RT I'd be gay only if it was ok with Kirk Cameron.
I louve it!
I hate what if's. Because I wonder what if I never said what I said & what if we shared a simple K.I.S.S.
Thank you!:) You too. Stay blessed!
I'm hungry as fuck wish my Pakistan bros down spring garden was still open.
so tired imm not going to school
Just ordered new #karaoke music from
RT : That's right folks! 21 Hours of travel, but made it home before 3pm!!! <= Nice job. =)
nope. broken all day. rapsody it is.
Ricky is official writing lyrics for the song that we pre pro'd today. Got the frame now we just need the picture. Ooh good metaphor.
If you don't follow , , or You're missing out. Go follow them now ! (:
Mitt Romney picks up dog bites and leaves them with breakfast cereal as a woman collapses in the future
RT Get tweeting! Students who use Twitter have higher GPAs according to study by
yeah yeah bitch you best be sorry! <U+2661>
One more class. One more class. (takes deep breath) I can do this.
DHSI would have broken the bank. But we already had a family vacation planned.
Trust me when I tell you that I could write a book about workplace stress, just in 2012. Happy to not be working there anymore ;)
a man what u doing down there
I wish I was able to give him a massage just so he could relax for a few...
Another huge thank you to for accommodating me on short notice today for some fair weather shooting!
I wouldn't mind punching Miles Plumlee in the face. Go
I really wish I was riding my horse, right now. I don't ride it as much as I should.
Isn't it cute when moms TRY!....lol
I cant imagen wut ppl did at stop lites b4 cell phones
haha, u know my taste :)
i missed you on twitter!!
I'm cold and tired and I wanna go home and sleep!
Got up in the game cuz I was tired of the bleachers
#69Factsaboutme 10. I have a The Devil Wears Prada bracelet.
Love it!
that was my first thought, but it'd be a lot less interesting from a visual perspective, a lot less going on.
Congrats to Matt Flynn! Good luck, wherever you are starting next year! In your face Lions fans!
Women who (literally) take baby steps = huge turn-off. Women who walk confidently = huge turn-on.
What a special day for me! Happy Flag Day Everyone!
i just love looking at pictures!
Well, I was gonna start my homework early today but this DVD leak changes everything.
WISHING EVERYONE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL EASTER WEEKEND
don't think 53% is a mandate for change. It's a great start for 2016 though.
268genetation.com streaming live from Atlanta. Check it out! Chris Tomlin leading worship!!
Lee Fields and the Expressions in Houston tonight, y'all. Can't miss. See ya at
PLEASE! please! Let there be someone out there somewhere making a gif of Colin Firth punching a blind kitten.
so when is everyone going back home
Must finish epic regression, but mind is not happy. I need cake, stat!
I miss him..
Good luck Lady Rattlers! State 3-peat!
hungry & sober.
Just sorting through emails and photos from single, avaliable men. I have a rough job, but I do it all for
Thanks :) not really trying to make it big, just focusing more on living off non-exclusive licensin. It's more realistic
hey <3 <3 how are you?
I had 2 choke slam last nite
Your cheating on me? Wow.. He was right! Great..
The Ironbound is a ______ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large == >> Fill in the blank!
hey Rob! Yep working for MLB & loving it. Hope all is well!
#GrindingSeason is never-ending. Remember - good things come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
I really want to see the avengers! So many hot men too look at ;)
You made my point: current climates & constituent landscape is far more complex than most comprehend. So easy strike: condemn all
Thank you for releasing more #JasonWu dresses online today!
Today's Lesson: You better live on your own terms, 'cause you may not go out on your own terms.
Last second field goal by makes the score 6-3 at half.
its on the way here.....DAM
Great game
#FridayListens is READY PLAYER ONE by Ernest Cline - it kicks ass and is the perfect narrator for the story
On my way to see August Burns Red!
Really Ohio State!? Really?!?
Where ever is...it's always LIVE! #LastDayOfSkoolParty May18th @ zodiac lounge (6135 Mt.moriah) MO info contact @ 2651396
ugh I love Glee lolol
YO FOLLOW ME IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Staring into the grid abyss
I stayed up for 8 hours watching every. single. one. of videos. I realized I have not moved pretty much the entire time. n_n
Sittn thru rehearsal for 'The Odd Couple' My bro travis is vinnie.
CLUB TiKAY GONNA BE LiVE ON SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 10TH
I just want 2 C a local agent actually write about why it is a good time 2 buy. Not just re-post national msn.co articles.
Some people need to grow the hell up already. GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER...your priorities are mixed up...work comes first, then play
Add cayenne to hummus or soup to spark your metabolism and burn more calories.
always waiting for Journey, Styx, Alabama and Metallica. Yes I am strange.
- Hey Mark, I'm looking for someone with strong IIS / web admin skills for a full-time role...up to 75-80K. Know anyone?
Prognostic factors of which | Health Center
Yes you were Did U see that Mark Emmert (PSU President) will be on the Scott Van Pelt show tomorrow?
Must practice another 21 day retreat..... Breathe IN.... breathe OUT.... whoosaaa
My #haters are my #motivation!
That 13-yr-old (!) exhibit gets more hits than any of our sites by a wide margin. Obv design hasn't aged well.
HAHA!! I have bad luck with that car period leonardo was not nice to me lol. I have to find a new name for my next car.
Naked Harry is trending .... hahaha (;
I think I want some chilis
I NEVER used more than 14 a week!
Happy birthday!
#holiday1kiss deffinately throw a last minute christmas party......so much more fun! :-)
DONE and DONE!
You don't seem to realize why what you're saying is highly offensive.
-- Check that: last line of the Declaration of Independence :)
Here for ya!
New Zimmerman attorney is very lawyer-ly. Can I say that? Lawyerly?
absolutely! Contrucci gets back on the 18th right??
see? I told you all he curses hahaha!
Thank you :) I did.
i do believe in fairies :( I do i do
Sorry I'm totally creepin on your Twitter favoriting a lot of your tweets... Just thought I would keep your @ connects some company :]
Throwing down a networking event next week. The last one rocked the house. If you're interested, msg me for details.
Agreed! RT I really wanna drive a #Hyundai Veloster! I think this car is a game changer.
I'm the jealous type. The run the bitch over type of jealous...
Congrats! We hope to see you in Aug! #FightOn RT : Super excited about being accepted to DPT! Now to decide where to go ...
ME EITHER LOVE THE SHOW
Your welcome!
Bob Knight just crushed on Tressel's integrity - even though they slayed him all morning.
Happy birthday live it up to the fullest!!
Do I miss you? That's something I just don't even know .
90 days and 11 hours remaining until California (:
For those that backed our Dying to do Letterman campaign -- just sent out requests for your info. Goodies out early 2012!
Success= conquering six awesome miles when sleep is the only thing on your mind
no!!!! Hurry and rub some dirt everywhere.
sure but can I do it later cause I'm busy doing something right now :)
#rivalry Watching yankees vs. Redsox, good baseball game! 9-8, Boston up in the 8th inning.
There is no way to be a perfect mother, and a million ways to be a good one. -Jill Churchill
now it's just ten more days... weights today.
Home Run O's
- you would leave CO to come to Austin -excited 2 see u - & u likely need adult supervision now. Got disposable coffee cups!
#ThingsBetterThanNickiMinaj Absolutely nothing. I love you, Nicki.
would also prevent him from leaving the starter in too long
20% of diners in the US would prefer texting a restaurant than calling or make mobile payments. Text me: 916-420-6020 for more info
yep! We had that tonight too. The place upstairs overlooking Michigan Ave with the jazzy music. Same nite as the huge choco cake.
No, their management is so strict with what they say now. Scooter Braun was just like "yolo" when The Wanted was in the US.
Contact us with any question about proper Insurance coverage in Florida 321-234-1690
I guess im going out lol
Not if A.Trammell doesn't get voted in.
learn some airplane edicate
everything is factored in, cash and/or online play, tweeting about poker, poker blogs etc. If anyone grinds we want to know!
Saw #theVow tonight and while Channing Tatum is nice to look at, he's a horrible actor. Return to the "exotic dancer" career path
And we don't mind following either!
ya, so you have to come have a drink w us!
Thank you sir!
I had a couple glasses, but I really do love Adam Sandler. Punch Drunk Love, 50 First Dates, Spanglish. Love
Shook the dance show with
- I can certainly provide more information using a non-public medium.
y'all ain't lilkids no more so quit playin games lol
"You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one." stolen by the lovely
hi I love the photos what nice memories for us
Five 30-minute segments? I could do lambdas. Josh would be great on generics. Dynamic anyone?
goin hard with the jezzy mix.
screaming so loud they'll hear us in LA, we're popping like pink champagne
Who says The Mayhem Karma doesn't work? The future may be evil, but it's bright for many!
Phew. For a moment I thought you'd set the brownie ON the comics.
Silver Lining Bridal Boutique downtown Portland suddenly shuts down. Bride says no notice, no explanation. Other brides may be unaware
woodchuck is awful. They were doing you a favor! Haha
Send your name, address, phone, birthday, sizes (top,bottom, and dress) to
I would be grateful if u fallowed me!! You are amazingly funny and talented! Peace!!
Tell us: what's the name of the first beer you ever drank?
The two models diverge on their definition of American masculinity-Louie & EBD show the wobble of the Sheen manifesto.
How am I already having nightmares about showing up for classes unprepared? Variation: I show up and realize I've missed 2 months of class.
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: "Goal Setting".
bc that isn't you in that picture.
OKAY AS SOON AS YOU FIND OUT TELL US hehehe
#bubba winning in Georgia, it just makes sense
#newarrivals Boots, Bags, and apparel from a British design house flying through the line all day today!
Burleson needs to SIT!!
I don't know...kinda up to u
I want to meet these men and women who made history tonight. Thank you, friends, you never get the kudos you deserve.
I've been really missing San Francisco lately.
wat do u mean
Pauly D :D
I don't serve anyone
becuz she has the money and the time to do it.
Did somebody say Queso? T : Rain schmain, let's talk about queso.
Hey Lakers! You can get the finga.....THE MIDDLE!!!!!!
i hope she doesnt flat out say no =|
I've worn Birks for two days in a row. Yesterday was for a pedi, today was pure
How many of you want to read some or many of my pendulum papers? I have posted them within my Yahoo Internet groups.
thanks for the update on #E12 planning. Sounds like it will be a great #EDUCAUSE event!
#Str8LykeDes... So tired of people....
We're getting reviewed by the New Courier!
went to a fundraiser, then the batting cages, had a blast; & now it's the worse fucking night of my life. gunna go cry like a bitch. duces.
Very groovy.
Oh yes, I'm the McClains' friend.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
hi I'm a big fan I <3 u so much and on shake it up you are amazing :) have a good day Bella <3
I need a vacation that will give me some much need rest.. lol hope your able to relax :)
. says mandatory paternity leave in Sweden has served as a professional equalizer
and I love how BOTH dog and cat lovers are optimists! yes, we are, dammit, don't even try to deny it! :-)
YES! Dinner group would be great.
Interested in itaka sustainable scholarship 2010? Follow
cause there porn stars Mario :b
Well, somehow in the midst of the move, taco bell border sauce got stuck in the printer paper feed. Yeah, it was tasty
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins The Mike Heller Show today at 4:15pm!
Thanks for your support of !!!
- Congrats! Wear that belt with pride!
Wow, being followed by Mona, so proud, alongside Paisley, Howard, Shelton and Lincoln!
I can never finish apples, actually.
Sounds like a cinderella story. xD
Going to try and make A #sensory swing.. a little diferent then the one he has .. he can use this one more on his own :)
My new music video 'My Guitar' should finally be finished an online this week! Pre-release screening is tonight, followed by final...
I can be mad annoying sometimes...I gota change that about myself like seriously .
GM twitter world. Looks like the super sun will be visible today. Outstanding! Red velvet cake in the oven.
MATH = [M]ental [A]buse [T]o [H]umans.
Interview next Tuesday! Finally!!
Aoki strikes out. Weeks now in the box.
that's what I'm saying.
thx great to see you. Stay in touch!
Getting ready for Tampa trip, hanging out in Florida talking to migrants, refugees bout integration.
While on a trip to So Africa, Shakira was attacked by a sea lion. The story has to be true, bc the story was reported by Shakira's hips
ha, I've realized this is a major trend. How/why is pinterest so popular now?
Can't even spell drunken right smh
The daily grind... but after today I get a 3 day weekend! Maybe someone missed the memo on when we were having Memorial Day this year? :)
Damn I slept for 12 hours lol
Anyone else noticing the impact of the smoke haze around the county? Throat was killing me after a hard MTB ride.
Whether you<U+2019>re curling, straightening, or whatevering, applying product 10 minutes in advance helps it fully absorb into your strands.
Radar shows strong storm over Eldersburg moving toward Baltimore city and southwestern Baltimore county
We're doing ok! Working too much...but relaxing today! Trying to figure out how to get more Likers on our FB page....LOL! U?
i hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it.
what's going on, addings workouts, nutrition database etc. is all hosed
#elementaryschoolmemories Heads down, thumbs up!
hahaha ya (; get on our level!!
Not complaining..... But it's actually weird knowing I won't be going back to Kent.
you are my most favorite time killer.
But i thought had all the knowledge wisdom & understanding any1 could need. #ArmLegLegArmHead my brotha
One of my local favorites! Get the Eggs Benedict! We're going to the Log Cabin instead.
I am always in such a good mood now<U+263A><U+0001F64F>
Pray for me.. It's P90X time!!
The perfect boyfriend doesn't drink, doesn't smoke, doesn't cheat... and doesn't exist.
Fantastic! How will you be spending your time in Scottsdale (other than with beers and bobcats)?
Hey all! We miss u guys! It's sure been awhile! Anyway, tks for all the follow! Luv u guys!
I'm not done with the first 5 things u told me to do... calm the fuck down
5 more minutes !!!! Thank God
Headed to photograph at the Fitness America contest in Vegas tomorrow
If you haven't tried a juice cleanse before, you should! It's nice and smooth with little cravings of food here and there!
So glad it's Friday!
Ladies, even if it really is a dress, but looks like a mans biz shirt, should u be wearing it in public???
indeed, I couldn't stop laughing.
lazy consensus - social contract - if you can't be bothered to say yes or no, you don't care - so we're not waiting for you.
Yahoo Domains have always worked well for me.
Porn messes up ya reality of sex too b honest....
im not reading any of ur reviews cause ur a week late. When u think about it, its ur fault not mine :P
Thanks for the follow Paul - let us know if we can help you fund any ideas via our site!
Hey girl! Paris Davis' niece, hit me back!
Just booked a feature film "INDELIBLE" shooting begins tomorrow morning 9am!
Most spiritual practitioners employ religion for mere worldly gains. Use religious means to serve their personal ends.
Loool at when their hating & calling themselves 'mahomies' check yourself.
so great to connect with you on twitter!
Oreos > all. Check your facts haha.
doesn't matter. Just show up :p
Thanks so much for thinking of me! Been on the run all morning. Looks like a great article.
oh wow it's late there!
Wth Aha But You Look Way Better Though
God, please bless to keep slaying...
Its easier to fall asleep at school than at home.
In the car headed to Bama with big bro, baby sis, & niece... So much fun, laughs & listening to "Walk Alone" album...ALL SMILES
BETSEY JOHNSON IS AT NORTH STAR MALL RIGHT NOW
Pile of stuff to do, only a few hours left in the week: there's nowhere to go but Rice Scene. :rice_scene:
If this day could get any worse...I need a gallon of ice cream. Birthday cake please. Or chocolate chip cookie dough.
with my friends
I can fix that. I have audio and video. #stirringthepot is not my style though. At least not publicly.
thx alot man !!! you are my 500 !! follower :D respect ;D from sweden
Lol I am too! I watch ALL the movies on ABC Family, I love watchin cartoons lol
Started playing with a Demon Hunter, kinda like the Barbarian better.
Crook-ed num-bers! Clap, clap-clap, clap, clap, clap, clap! Crook-ed num-bers! Clap, clap-clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!
Hate taking my dog out in the morning <U+0001F621>
Okay so if your gonna say your in a bad mood and crying but you won't tell me why?? Then dont even freaking tell me. Sweet Baby Jesus.
b nice if it was more specific 2 projects, units, powerpts, availability, etc.
You had to be there!
Very good! The cabrito was great!
2 of my fave and best social media thought leaders on the social biz panel at #socialmediaweek. will be fab!
Who out there can tell me what kind of tax the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the income tax is - direct or indirect?
Another beauty of a day in #Dallas! Love this weather...
RT : thinking 'bout you. <<really?
RT : Kind of perfect ": Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner's Daughter on Broadway."
My voice is gone folks. Glad there are so many are other supporters out here to compensate!
Thank GOD Baylor Won, So happy. and the rest of the team, Great Job!
need to provide leadership to small business to encourage them to hire seniors
LOL! I was just gonna tweet something about #Boyfriend cuz i just listened to it 4 the millionith time! #Swag,Swag,onYOU
I really need to invest in a digital slr!
Hopefully the crew can get it together tomorrow.
Thanks #kubasketball for one hell of a year, so proud to be a fan, and I have the Self confidence to say we'll be back soon.
Thankyou for following me. I wanna be a verified Arianator, how do you do that?
I hate when people say cum instead of come. Haven't you realized the difference in twenty years?.. Or have you just never gotten laid?
I'll email you a friend request tomorrow. :-)
thank you! I'm actually here most of the time, next trip stateside will be next year to launch 100 days to life.
Sum body gone try in bring beepers back lol
I burnt my tongue on hot chocolate. Dammit.
Lol we're gonna have Patriots and Giants at the BTB Draft fundraiser in a few weeks!
thanks TweetHeart! Your See's treat Guest Services!
Split pea soup. Nice and thick. Add seasoned croutons before serving.
BNLX are killing it at The Amsterdam in St Paul, MN. Melismatics up very soon, babies!
i was about to tweet about that.
I WANNA SEE THESE PANTS
Stephanie Rickets records her 1st strike out of the game
rolling Foo Fire it is then.
#ahoetshirtwouldsay you CAN afford me
not at all! havoc pit boss is a great bait
I'm starting to think Betemit does that on purpose, keeps us in suspense.
I know still loves me even though I forgot I had her superbowl tshirt and just sent it today. Lol. :-/
Nevada is so far behind in HS Athletics
Let me kno u followed I'll follow right back and ask me anything Q&A f4f
Chuck Norris thinks, therefore I am.
Finally finished the short story. Getting started is hard, but once in the groove, I'm hooked. Had to push to the finish.
but if we get Dwight tho lol or a true pg
Austin American Statesman reports residents burned down govt buildings in Honduras. They want the USA drug agents out after 4 were killed
LMAO so true!
Click 'LIKE' if you think 2012 is going to be a great year for you ...
Had a headache today so I grabbed an Ice pack for my head. had it on for a half hour until I realized it was a bag of turkey gravy.
Yes! That's awesome. :)
I am hungry
Health food makes me sick. ~Calvin Trillin
Kepler Lucas :I'M CRANKY THIS MORNING SO DON'T TEST ME!
I swear i HATE when ppl make up excuses !!
Justin Biebers hair comes from s beard.
Huff introducing SB 1059 for Rep Caucus: He's critical of rubber rooms, unaware his bill would mandate rubber rooms in all school districts?
Obama not truthful that he has increased oil drilling. Fact: drilling permits are DOWN 36% since he became President.
The little miss has a Spring cold. She's a mini snufalufagus. Luckily it has had no affect on her appetite or energy. She just keeps going.
Had to tell my mom why is famous today :(
Today is a good day and I would like to thank all who made it possible.
THAN sex...
Whatevs, you're the
No. Nobody likes me. And it's okay. It'll all be done soon.
Ha different car, but pretty much captures it
My heart is heavy!!
Watching The Strangers
Specyph what you Believe.. Have a great day
Images of America - Fort Myer made its debut today at the Pentagon Library - A copy has been donated.
I need a nap!
Had a great cross country road trip taking Rachel to IU for College Go Hoosiers!!
they ass freaky too Lmao!!!
Bases are loaded for the Dodgers in the bottom of the 6th.
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games free online no more missing your favorite team play we have them all enjoy!!!
S/O to my new followers and the continuous bipolar stalker. S/O to all my followers with fake pages too! Some have more than one page! Lmao
: PLZ ask the debt super cmte to support HR 2366, Rep. Barton's (R-TX) online #poker bill THX!
sad,sad day...
Finally getting my laundry done just in time to head into the woods of Mt. Rainer with the crew + the games begin
HA! Of course I wouldn't unfollow anyone who was following ME. That would be sacrilege!
Still open... It's tough bc there are not many back to the basket players left in the league. The #1 guy is a no-brainer in my opinion
Pssst! The Lunchtime Lagniappe is at Louisiana State Museum, not :)
thanks for the mention!!
On my way to #fbfORL - can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
Im on da phone
I unfollowed some1 just so I could follow u ;-) LOL hope u feel special
Don't feel too bad - I had a bad run in with a Rage Against the Machine CD as a youth.
Oh hey I'm spinning records tonight with at Blackbird! Also the always lovely will be bartending!
yes then
#SouthFlorida its a great day to order #uniforms and if you need them #printed or #embroidered with a logo or design we do that too!
Another day successfully wasted! Thanks, jury duty.
Okay ! Guys ! I love you & You are amazing ! 986 ! OMG ! I love you ! But I can'y follow because I need 1000 ! SO PLZ ! LET'T DO THIS !
DUDE. You should have captured that, I think it may have escaped from the CDC down the street...
My roommate just said Paul Walker was "a great actor" is this real life?
Lol and my nigga knows how it feels to lose a chick to Drake you have something in Common
he's still pretty gay. ha
#RIP Junior Seau... wow
My brother took my nephew who's 4- As long as they know its a "movie" & to not repeat the words I think its ok
Sounds awesome. I'm a fan of sweet potato anything
Free Italian Lunch only
I just gotta watch out from because of my Canadian comment LOL
i mite go to slp early tonite.
Lebron gonna carry them to the end!
call me bro
Bout to see Project X
real bitches wassup !
Golden Fried Asparagus Spears. Up grade your basket today!
insanity is the best workout I have ever done, lost 7-10 pounds in the 2 weeks I was trying it then it kicked my butt and I quit
Go Leafs go! Like a snake waiting in the grass here come Toronto! #TSN If your dig the Bruins, you are going to love my Leafs next year.
Welcome to Twitter, fellow new secondary ed classmates (science guy) & ! (Spanish dude)
Most racist fear being unable to fit after I'm done with their girls.
I dnt even stay our there I'm n Chicago we need it on our station
it really was. RT : Just an incredible celebration of that And-1 by Turiaf.
Well, hurry up, so I can come visit you in Amsterdam!
Are you feeling better? Did the dog get over being ill?
Massachusetts Communities Receive Municipal Blue Innovation Award for Affordability and Wellness Initiatives
Now I remember why I order things online.
FAQ #5 Boat Docking: 3 hour slip is immediately in front of the restaurant. Dock walks right up to the patio! Just call us at 414-763-1637
Don't ever overthink something small. You'll end up creating problems that were never there to begin with.
I just watched that! So touching.
I love this fan base.
Cancelled tonight! too chilly.
Are you guys having trouble w/ site? I'm trying to watch the latest Community ep on my laptop and it's saying not available.
That awkward moment Jen you get on the bus and the driver says " that's what I'm talking about" and winks...
Where da haters at??????
k should I go to new orelans mexico or the bronx
As I was sitting on my flight, I told the window sitter "Morning!" His response: "Unbelievable." So, I'm either attractive or repulsive.
Orlando florida thats wer i want to go
what college u go to??
Kentucky Derby > Cinco De Mayo > Orlando Magic Playoff Game
You are ridiculous, stfu. Please.
Nice! What did you think of the show?
Excited for my day off. I love listening to records but ready to get caught up on my POD Casts. Also about to listen to :-)
My friend put on her status " when I'm with him,he makes my days" & I'm like me too.. Lmao
I HAVE NO FRIENDS.
The revolution must be of the heart, you must change & evolve into the person you was born to be!
I hope you enjoyed your day off?
i have a lunch mtg but will try to pop in! :)
I think more people should text me (:
Thank God for MLB TV so I can watch this rangers game!
today was another pick up at Greater Newark Conservancy, i was running a little late but made it there!
He aint done mixing em yet...
Looking in the mirror to make sure my forehead isn't covered with blue highlighting marker. It's not.
Great day so far. Slept in, went to the pool, talked business, and just chopped my 1st sng of the day. $275+100, got 1400 profit of $1025.
I was deeply saddened be the news out of Japan today. When can this wonderful country catch a break. My prayers are with you...Sigma out
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
poor judgement? Oh wait is it what I think it is?
Black folk died to get the shackles off our wrists and ankles, only for us to willingly put them on our minds.
Sweater ferrets + Zoya (giraffe) + pandacat + my crazy family + great skin care
RIP Christopher Hitchens
Easing back into work and the reality of being a #workingmom this week
right, cool I gotta work on that - So what do you weigh in at these days and what do you bench? You look huge!!
lmao you have a gay side to you..
Just watched it again! LOL
I'm drinking rum and red bull...and rum and red bull...
Participant at Conference: Katie McCollough from #Rutgers University
dude I'm loving Aoki! He's the ultimate pest!
Thanks for the follow, Kellen.
Lucy Saunders, American History Gal
I am so tired.
Mr.Huestis: Try and do your homework... I don't care if you don't...
<U+266B> Listening to 'January Rain' from 'David Gray' <U+266B>
Getting ready at Shriners Hospital for the annual biker invasion. It's going to be a good one.
Thanks for the follow!! Please spread the word the Dudes are game changers.
I have this really bad habit of not feeling too well, deciding to call out sick, and then going to work anyway. I blame my parents.
#Love has a way of speaking for itself. It is when we speak for it that we can misrepresent it.
You've got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it. It's called perseverance. - Lee Iacocca
When is he not?
Kiesha had ALL that time to talk but waited until Tami walked away.... Again
you're welcome or perhaps I should say "wonder-twin powers activate!"
Hey I LOVE YEW!!! You guys are AMAZING<3333just thought I'd let you know!!:)<3333 -Love Lynsee(:<3
I'm guessing you'd win every other meal today.
Isn't an #iPad mini just an #ipod?
Like my nigga said "Hating ass niggas not my type of crowd"
Your speech was a ringing endorsement of the liberal arts. Bravo.
RT Stud. success is everyone's job-not just #deved faculty. High rates of failure even among "college ready"
Thanks for the great review on Goodreads. May I post it to the book's website? Will link to your book.
love is currently for the birds..***
: almost got his ass beat!!!! 2nd pd.
Things are starting to come back together #ontheup&up
I'm going to kill all the Beliebers.
Yup RT : I use myself as thermometer - how many times do I want to see something. If I am annoyed, others will be annoyed.
yeah, it's frustrating. But once the Bundy's, Machado, and Schoop get up here we're gonna be better. And we're okay now
all bad <U+0001F44E> you need to get yourself an iphone!
Hahahahah, life is complete.
Ya were not friends
Umm, he scores like 20 ppg. How is that inefficient?
I felt bad about my finish at worlds toughest mudder. Someone said I was better than most for attempting it. Hold your head up
nm . talking about how bogus ppl are these days. youu?
*sips coffee and listens to thriller* :-( ok
Locally owned/operated, good food, plus for historic building and/or hauntings :)
Pain may be the symptom but suicide doesnt end pain. Pain ripples to all the lives you have touched
I`m more honest, more true, more vulnerable because I used to think that I was supposed to be fearless.
Bo Ricardo : Looks like Ricardo Salazar will be the referee in charge of tomorrow's Sounders-Toronto FC game.
That was probably a tad much. *shrugs*
I pray for everything i want so lord knows im desperate.
Rumor has it.
Okay and Sure :D
good day!
merry Xmas!!!
It's ok #DevilNation. Remember last series? Didn't Philly score first in every game we won?
miss you to<U+0001F499><U+0001F60A>
ok maybe bri can get you cause lee is having something tonight.
My Favorite Young Dolph Song " Much Deeper . "
"Be helpful" simple and practical advise to follow everyday
www.platinumposts.com thanks for the support!
Sure, no problem ! I enjoy connecting as well. Day is going great working on home, auto article and e-newsletter
Reds won!!!
I'm not coming over until like 2am
haha ikr!! :D anytime you wanna watch a free willy movie..I'm your girl! ;D
Business before Pleasure. Once you understand that, then we will talk but for the mean time. Tighten Up!!! You making yourself look silly.
Yup. Phil Davis asks Brantley whether "culture trumps technology" in scholarly publishing - your thoughts? #musepub2012<U+201D>
Suck my Motherfucking Dick. ... D-12,Dirty Motherfucking Dozen.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy that isn't afraid to tell you how he feels.. Even around friends a family..
love the Receivers interview you guys did. The Superman reference. Great Job. GO PACK GO...!!!
I bet it's really weird when people walk up 2 u & know ur name,story, & everything about u. Story of #OneDirection's life.0_o
We will have to meet up for coffee! I do not know anyone in the area! :-)
Wednesday Night! Karaoke with Aury Moore! Come sing for her!! Party starts at 9pm!
shout out to showed yo ass at pv!!!! precaite ya fa showin b.d.s love..u good wit me bro! real talk!!!
I think some people may be cheating on #B! The Wanted deserves to win!!
I am glad winter skipped right on over us this season and spring sprung earlier. Don't trust the predictions of a ground hog.
Chemistry and math are literally going to be the death of me....
LOL homework, I hardly ever get that shit
Today is #OutLiveYourLife Day! Join us at ChickFIlA in Avon or Greenwood from 11-1 & drop off your donations for Operation Christmas Child.
I didn't attend Woodstock 40 years ago but I have gone three days without showering.
RT : same thing over here! ouch! using the help of my trusty HALO gadget.
At least I don't have to grade anything! ;)
Haha Your very welcome (;
We're at Paychecks Lounge ready to rock #IPODetroit!
Wait, this commercial said 'for longer and harder erections'?! Wow on daytime TV too?
absolutely love .... Do you use it?
Had a good time out of the office (and the building...!!!) this week. Now for the journey home, and all the work waiting on my desk :-)
Curt, HUGE fan. Just found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS (MGH) - If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
haha I'm trying to one up Ben 29
can you spend more time taking care of your child instead of flaunting yourself and flirting w boys 24/7 on fb? thanks!
On vacation living the dream
Mike Allen and the #Politicolive folks should learn how to pronounce Oshkosh.
Trap or die bitches! #ThugLife. \m/
Taking my mother out to eat
Just another reason why I love Chicago. Messages via stuffed fish.
#CocaCola is cutting on #advertising costs with having dolls to promote their product now loool
Indeed...but I didn't want to gloat!
Digital story timeline has value: story breaks-twitter-initial post-more detailed story online-full story in print.
Grey Goose chery nior ! I'm not ready but imma learn !
This sucks!! Work week has started for me<U+E40E>
he in the bed wit one now!!!!
Thank you guys I appreciate the intros so far.
Thanks for the tweet about our app Courtenay!
Taco shop n Bonita has great food but absolutely horrible service with register people who look like they don't give a shit bout u
how old r u and how long have u been in the bizzness #urawesome!
just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head
Lenny Kravitz Reissues 'Mama Said,' From When His Life Was 'Spinning'
How dare YOU....all of you!
They should give you a new name: George Forman. Because you're always up in my grill.
Hey, there's this kid that goes to my school. He looks just like you. Just a younger version. I swear... Lol
Glad to find out that even though i didn't stay up to watch it (13 innings?!), the #Nats got themselves together and pulled off another win!
RT <U+201C>Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.<U+201D>
#Shoutout to new follower (:
Too fly: Segen how many continents are there?" Segen: uh idk but there's a booger! *picks nose* Lmfaooooo & I dyinnnn!
haha yea right
APD says Samantha Koenig's whereabouts still unknown, but Deputy Chief Steve Smith says "Yes, we do think she's alive."
Have you found us on Instagram yet??? Follow us!
We all know aramis rameriz purposely biffed that groundball so the cubs could win
WTF!! Do you know what Mexicans would love? u not using the old 1862 flag of Mexico and use the current on! LOL!
Congrats to Christine from Ball Busters who scored the first goal in the new building
hahah , can ah Next week no training . We never see him (:
I don't want 1D to follow me cus I don't really like them... So no..
My biology project is going to look AWWEESSOOMMEE!!!!! As long as I do it perfectly with a hint of perfection! Michael's Hobby Store=Perfect
The 1st blk president wife should be the best dresser in the world!
Thank you in Colorado and in Germany for getting me to and over 200 followers!
Bet I got some weed...BET I GOT YO BITCH!!
wow... That's messed up...
Wow. This just gets better anbd better. Get the ginger ake ready...Hamilton 2-run blast in 10tg
#3wordsforyou I love Brandon
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize
Don't forget to vote for your favorite recipe, only 6 days left to get those votes.
Well I don't see you defending your statement here so....
ss. It was Bush's fault, not Clinton's. Bush had intel on 9/10 & sat on it :)
Blackberry in the toilet. Happy Monday to me.
Get in the van! It's not worth the story to see you choking on smoke!
Thanks for all the RTs!
I'm working at the mickey d's but it isn't too bad I guess!!!! I can't wait to hang out again!
Aww! It's my pleasure!
kind of like the game today....?
Sometimes Counter Transference Can Be O.K<U+2026>.Especially If She<U+2019>s Hot..
Come hear about all things Mifflin: 7pm May 2nd at the Madison Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin)
Don't miss our 40% OFF SALE this week!!!
thanks for checking us out! Have a great weekend
RT This tweet will contain no breathless outrage about criminal matters about which I have no direct knowledge. Sorry.
God bless everyWINE
Hate when my twitter askes "what's happening" cus usually...theres nothing Lmao xP
Wish we did not have school today.
I C U OCCUPIED!!!! LOL AWREADY
Going to fucking punch some babies. You piss me off.
I'm not one for spectacle and that seems to be what that movie is. I <3 Joss but I'm not that into it.
No , it's the full version
But you can't say that you didn't see that coming.
Yet another reason to shop at the local farmers market - sunlight still has a CRI of 100.
Just read your article on Low Dose Naltrexone, it's excellent! Another article supporting its use for autism came out a month ago
That's all? RT : MIA has run 53 consecutive high screen/rolls
All that series proved was that Texas is better than the Tigers right now. And let's be honest, we already knew that.
Sharing allowed editors and reporters to find hotspots. Some turned the internal data into public interactives
Time for pilates
If it weren't for and my wife, I'd pretty much be talking to myself. Yes, you can follow him, too.
There are four seated panelists speaking on successful models: Dr. Sandra Bloom, founder of the Sanctuary Model.
i want to rent that movie ghost.
i Can't Believe My Eyes Connect w. Yo sexy Body =]
It was nice seeing you today. U waved to me and I got a pic <3 :)
Portlanders plan vigil to mark the anniversary of the first anniversary of occupy Portland getting evicted from park.
so damn
DOH - totally did it wrong. Where's Everyone Goin For New Year's - we're going to Wasilla, Talkeetna, and Fairbanks!!
From my point of view, real estate is rocking & rolling!
"Relax" is clearly the least relaxing thing you can say to a person.
#ThisSummerImTryna do as much as possible and be in the sun as often as possible.
Musings: Real girls aren't perfect. Perfect girls aren't real. Seems so simple...
ughh me too :-\
What up bro its Nick.
Ladies Drink FREE tonight at Kennadee's from 10-Midnight! 725 N Milwaukee
Looking forward to the demo and tasting this afternoon at 107 King Street. 2 pm! Come join us!
I love !! Im in the hospital
yeah I can't complain. So are you tired of me yet?
pt 2 to my test ! wish me luck
In celebration of March's International Women's Month, the GTWT girls will make an #empowering words quilt with
how long does it take to make one? Any more colors?
Giirrl! *Ms. Kym voice* but no this boy at my school thought I was subtweeting him. But yeah my mama birthday Saturday. You still coming?
WOW.. once more w feeling..wow
Let's Get It #TeamFitness!!! The first of November and were on a mission! Every day is an opportunity to get stronger, faster, and healthier
Bout to clean this room and stretch my money some kind of way before the 2nd half come back on
take me with you
Fuck Her I Hate Her...
Yup! Pathetic hypocrites!
Dave just replenished his paperbacks -- 75 cents ea or 3/$2 -- perfect weather for it!
sad baby <U+E401>
Hi Ann! Thanks for the follow! ^RL
Soccer is the most attended or watched sport in the world. #odd facts
This is not my neighborhood....such a good thing!
Nice to meet you!
Thanks so much man!!
Happy Birthday
Creative session over.
Why do you wear shirts
I eaat to much ):
Got a new piano.
You wanna know the best thing about having a mirror on your cieling? You can do your makeup on your bed.
I had Cheetos today too! They took my old chair away so now I am starting a new mess.
We scored
Carolyn is one of several preteens sharing the Alice in Wonderland role, in early June. (When I find out what date is hers, I'll tell.)
just returned from wonderful relaxing weekend at Marine on St Croix. It's been so long since I relaxed.
I was going to tweet about how my English paper is due tonight, and I'm not even close to done, but then I realized that it's my fault.
thanks for adding us to your #FF tweet
I will bring you soup! Where will you be around 3:30?
AYE I FUCKS WIT TWITTER YALL AN I FUCKS WIT YALL SO YAL GOTTA FUCK WIT THE...............FOLLOW BUTTON
Loving this weather<3
I'll be in America long before then!": I wud b coming dis dec,just wanted to remind u!
How do you nurture your own professional learning besides what you or your school provides?
EAT, DRINK & BE MERRY TONIGHT | 8PM - 10PM | Acoustic Show | DEAL: $7 for a bottle of Fat Tire and a shot of Jameson |
Google Translate is pretty darn helpful!
haha that made me laugh! I think we're doing the exact same thing right now
that place on Homestead good as hell..
Good morning, Nikita! How was your dinner at Luce?
"I'm glad our streets are no longer menaced by super-tough doo-wop singers" Now we have criminals with badges and auto weapons
Explain what happened during the "explosive decade" of prison riots.
Glad you are part of my PLN as well!
the only reason i'm not bitching about the time switch today is that spring break gives me a week to adjust.
RT : Through the power of inquiry, you come to realize for yourself that you are love. There<U+2019>s nothing you can do about it.
Psycho (1960): Wonderful to watch this film for the first time in a movie theater. People actually screamed during the "stairs scene". :)
I Put On Tupac Dear Mama And She Took The CD Out And Put On Mary J Blige It Was A Sign Of I Love You
thank you too for the follow and I appreciate the RT! God bless!
I'va had that happen a lot.
I could care less if I deserve it.
Why'd I have to go and do you like that. Thought I'd moved on, then you brought me right back....then I lost you.
I'm wondering who's number this is. &&&& getting ready
My Money On Mayweather
Considering we (humans) evolved in Africa, I propose that Africa's new slogan be "Africa: Get Erect!"
I think that the residue left over from McLouth in 2009 is gone from the fan base. Blow that candle out
Excited to be joining Obama campaign's digital advertising team in Chicago! Guess that means time for new Twitter handle
I'm just so happy to see one of your tweets, don't care if that sounds dirty
I suck at lying :3
Bout to head to the cafe
happy valentines day rene
Another beautiful day in the neighborhood
BYE GUYS!! I'M GOING TO SLEEP NOW COZ TOMORROW WE'LL FLY TO CEBU SO UNFORTUNATELY, I WON'T BE ON TOMORROW =( I GONNA MISS YOU TWEEPLE! ILY<U+2665>
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl in the world<3 my soulmate <3
Why is every man hitting on me today? I have the best man ever! I love u Jason!
God CANNOT-WILL NOT fail u! God's NOT a man that He should lie! (Num. 23:19-23, Rom.3:3-4) Believing it'll do more good than u can imagine!
oh how I love you(;
I didn't even think of coffee. I should have though but was so out of it. That was scary. I don't know how people could TBC
Hey guys for those who havent figured it out yet my facebook was hacked. If ur my friend on their delete my old pgs to avoid gettin hacked!
news organizations don't get "it" when they ask reporters not to break news on twitter.
A day without sun shine is like, you know, night.
Happy Leap Day! What are you going to do with your extra 24 hours?
I was trying to reply to your DM about something but your not following me.
It's all about playing the game and KIM is definitely the master!!
Can't wait for Florida 2012 <U+0001F48B><U+2764>
JJ directs Star Trek like a classy Michael Bay.
Joel! please reply! do you remember me? It's been a very long time! still have that super 8 drawing I gave you?
Loving the Rosebuds! Opening act for Justin Vernon of
Will do! I'm gonna make a flickr page for all to see sometime today. Stay tuned for link. And Fantasy CFB rocks! PSU+OSU=my team!
You mean so much more to me than you think.
it's ugly lol I look pissed
Regional carrier Cellcom says they'll have the iPhone 4s soon.
Little late but All-Star recap go to publish tomorrow.
thanks for sharing the goodness!
omg Princeton I love yewww:))))
SOX: Another game, another fast start for the #RedSox over the #Mariners. RBI 2B's by David Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez make it 2-0, B1.
Silence is golden sometimes...!
Were you ever shy as a kid?
Decided I'm spending #valentinesday with my one true love...
The world is in trouble.
I'm craving shawarma.
Great ideas are being poisoned by a complete lack of support.
Breathing out of my left nostril for the first time in a week thanks to delicious Nooshi Siam noodles soup.
Actual email I just got: "Did the chainsaw get delivered yet?" My reply: "Sure did."
lets start a riot
I miss cuddling, just talking, and having someone to tell me goodnight everynight its like I cant sleep without it
I'm borednxD
Busted pipes? This is SO not the time of year for that right? Give a call to DanielsHVACNM.com. #Albuquerque emergency #plumbers!
At the doctors office with a guy sitting next to me coughing up all of his insides....hey doc...he can take my appt.
Observation: campaign yard signs placed on empty lots, random corners or any place OTHER than a yard look kinda sad and lonely.
: great cover:) and your guitar skills are brilliant :p
Nearly every spiritual tradition uses breathing techniques to deepen prayer, meditation, and contemplation
Semester: complete.
cinco de mayo fireworks duh! lol
You said rubber. Also, goddess.
are there castings for ANTM cycle 18
You'll make me forget about him?Try me:P Hhaha Oh you make me laugh;))
Free shots and raffle prizes every time the Packers score a touchdown! You know how we like to score touchdowns!!
You are so welcome! Looking forward to tweeting :-) cc:
im at my crib
Starting in 5min: #KYF2 convo w/ James Barham re Regional Food Hubs, hosted by
Thanks for the RT :-)
Team meeting with beers, wine & cake in Fremont, overlooking the cut, at the passing boats, straight at the tent city of the homeless.
For I am my mother's daughter, and the drums of Africa still beat in my heart. ~Mary McLeod Bethun
No problem! Thanks to the Earth Day Clean Up volunteers!!
got some Sunday session work to do. Beats hanging around the house listening to my loud ass neighbors bump their bass.
Put all the details they'd need into a PDF containing the e-mail threads, yet they still ask me for the details. Hate. Customer. "Service".
Yeah buddy we got that run going
Puck?:your in NY city of love Sam:*mouthful of food*I thought that was Paris
At least he's dedicated! :-)
woke up with "When Doves Cry" in her head.
Had a Awesome day today God has really help me strength my Faith and now all I want to do is GO Hard 4 Him in everything I do I Love My God!
This lady threw aaallllllllllll my clothes all over the room smh.
tired. not done. time to not get enough sleep.
making a donut run 4 jenni! First one of this pregnancy.
so tired. drank a lil tonight.
It sneaks into other people's houses too? That cat is a genius.
Its funny how ppl still talking shit sayin me n are irrelevant Buh WE don't even know u buh u know us? OBVIOUSLY Were sumbody
Uhm. Jazz lost.
I have released 4 bets in #MLB 1 in #NHL get on the list
We have great Easter and Passover books in stock! And has chocolates and goodies!
don't think so. getting a hold of the message is important... I get that. But this seems so ick to me...
go 2 youtube JULOX featuring YOUNG BLEED "PLATNUM WRAP"
Why is it that Obama supporters havent awkaned to reality that Obama is a pawn and the game is destroy USA? (so is Mitt)
I agreed with Chris Broussard here...
Thanks to all of yesterday's iSeminar participants! If you have questions about help desk or CampusCoud, please email
Up up up up
Hey ATX, know any local tech writers that want to cover a DevOps conference in town next week? Shoot me a message.
Laughing so hard you start crying <U+E412>
thanks for the #FF :)
Class & brains is sexy, swagg & game is not.
#Humpday shout outs to all my followers and those I follow. Stay focused only two more work days.
O lady cop with a big ass gun!! Lol
Costume System Code completed and bugs are fixed! I just need to clean up some part of it & add to the real server. Maintenance soon!
Think I'm go chill at the lake have some ice cream in a sec
<U+201C>: I will be there! I'll be sure to be part of the expo in October!" Great! See you soon.
I'm super pumped, they're both selfish players tho so I wonder how long it will take them to get in sync
Sounds good.
I am just so excited about this merchant account I could just pee my pants.
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
I kind of want some damn rice
me and Sigur R<U+00F3>s are working it on out.
studying at caribou tonight. would love someone to join me
Tomorrow morning we present episode 35 of Parlour to Parlour at - I hope you all like stunning natural California vistas.
If I die my tweets are coming with me! I own nothing but my own hilarity! #SryToDisappoint :(
FL state line!!
already done baby =)
Waking up to birds chirping (:
Nice-- had only seen a blurb from that one. Hadn't read it yet.
I am looking an antique dealer who is looking for a A-B Battle Creek stove Circa1920's. workable and excellent condition.....Need to price
is having a great Easter holiday, I did even the traditional Bulgarian "egg-fighting", lol :)
Aw. Thanks doll! It was amazing! :D
I'm so sorry mother for making you do things when you got home form work! I'm so sorry! Now, I understand! No babies for me :)
Whatever happened to Lauryn Hill man?
al least not being sold on something hate panels like that.
*leaves bedroom, heads downstairs. Starts toward kitchen.. stops, hearing voices.* I don't wanna interrupt. *sees sweater* a walk maybe
haha okay :) btw, Jo & Ri are welcome up here for the game on Sunday
Pacific Coast Academy...
Thanks for the shout out!
Hit em with the flex when they hand you your diploma lmao RT Graduation! 2pm!
yes. Were beta testing now. :)
Thinking about painting my apartment
And the show floor is open!
happy holidays everyone
yhu r cutie
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog -justsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
I get a cut when you're famous!
I hope the Pirates make as good of a decision as the steelers. Yes I thought they would hire Whiz but who didn't
Session one Au Discover students arrive tomorrow and Monday!
Cm punk won
I know GloJEAN was watching over you my man. Welcome back.
Today in 1992, If You Go Away was released, ahead of the album Face the Music. Trivia time! Next tweet!
He's a bit loco. I'm finding more and more people everyday who hold the same opinion about him as I do
what up
<U+201C>If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.<U+201D> (Charles Bukowski)
My dad blaring music and singing at 11:30 at night is probably worse than having noisy neighbors that do the same.
ROFLOL watching Sheed Wallace making a put back basket for the Bulls last night. Classic.
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music, I just really hope they separate cell blocks by sound genre.
YOU WOULD LOVE IT
Woodstock is why MSFT should have bought MGM and/or Miramax. Key reason: Streaming license rights to a library of top movies<U+2026>
good idea! HP is always a better choice than school, work, or any other task that sucks!
You<U+2019>ve always wanted to be your own boss. So what are you waiting for? Now is the time to take control of your destiny.
dreams.I am swimming away
goin home after this block
i want my bbm back:(
Thank you Nina!
know what pisses me off? "SyFy". What happened to "SciFi" and the good ol' days with Sliders, Stargate, (new) BSG, MST3k, etc...
Another great day of football. Big win by the Giants. Very confused, Rex said Jets own New York. Hm.
Desire a #nude special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
hoping that I can donate my beard to those in need at some point.
ok, now i see itt c:
Im the luckiest boy in the world to have owns my heart :-)
I know I'm late to the game on this one, but skymap is the bomb
no, it was Sam Jackson leading a inter-government agency! That's a pre-Obama joke, but his job turned them off to S.H.I.E.L.D.
#MyPastRelationships are in my past for a reason and in the past they shall stay.
hug the haters and fuck the fans
Its funny how a little money (key word little) can change a persons whole attitide....
Eager to see Blofeld saying, "Our chief element is fear. Fear and surprise..."
What was the strategic impact of your CAR (challenge, action, result) story?
There will be so much more by you soon though! (And by me -- I live right around there too!)
somebody should get me 4 more followers.... then i would be pleased :D
Watching interact with & team about #cyberbullying & respect.
Tamba Hali must be livid that they're just now starting to call holding in the NFL.
I have 100 followers. Feels #great i'm #proud. lol. new goal- 150!!
#WHEconForum #womenentrepreneurs sitting in the press seats. where are all of the students?
you kill me, and yes I know who your cuddle buddy is :))
WOO OK
The USCS differs from official USC and the USCA by being very attentive to preserving the original language of a statute. McKinney
Am i the only person that still listens to 50 Cent? ^.^
I hear ya!!! Know that's it's the "Super Stars" that earn that kind of money.
its my 16th birthday, i absolutely love you and you said you remember me from the meet and greet. can you give me a shoutout? :)
NO DAMMIT I was late but he said he had an hour to wrap it up so hopefully I will find a replay!!!
We will be in the lab working, with Gaston at 7pm this evening!
I take solace in the fact that God is trending above Obama on Twitter. Maybe there's hope for this electronic liberal love fest.
needs less than 200 followers to get to 4000! Please follow her!!! :)
Not to worry...don't think that one is ever coming off!
I'd add a transition when you toggle.
the one with one i and maybe should I?
this guy has balls of i don't even know. hundreds of stories up with no net. lololol i cant even go four stories up
RT : #Quote of the Day: There is no reason not to follow your heart. ~Steve Jobs
I was just kidding damn it. Kisses honey and happy belated bday.
If you could be a cocktail, what cocktail would you be and why?
So Im In My Room And It Was Very Hot So I Said " Its Gettin' Hot Crack A Window Air It Out " lmao #DrakeMoment .
Is that what causes it? I'll be more careful not to do that then. Still clueless as to why pple think macs are so intuitive.
Shot HD video and 500 stills for CBS5.com of Academy of Art Fashion Show. Broke prongs off mem card...adios fotos...aarrrrgggghhh!@#$%^&*
interesting thesis.
Shoutout my new follower
RT : "For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice
Who still pays for music? I don't get it...
<U+201C>We don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace.<U+201D> <U+2015> Elizabeth Gilbert,
i am distracted by what the person next to me is looking at on the internet.
What a beautiful day in my neighborhood.....gotta love MR. ROGERS.
Totally late in replying, but thanks!
Beliebers, go follow , they follow back if you ask <U+2665>
....just got finished talking to myself.
OMG, I can't sleep-Tomorrow I wake up, a Fantasy Freak! Got beer on ice & my teams on call-Try & think of a way to send my wife to the mall!
Did I just see a billboard for Scream 4?
I crack myself up lmao
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat ... RIP Adam Yauch
Sago palms ("palmlets") for sale at Tudor Place, today! Get there by 4 for this and FREE ENTRY to our gardens.
"Make a decision to be happy, and stick with it."
follow us..have a good day
How many of you have pets?
S/o to for hooking up with our t-shirt! thanks for the support!!!
Anyone wanna buy a pair of #Retro10s?
Off to the stu once again..my 1st round niggas bout to drop "the draft" and this "gotham city" bout to drop we finna
I am trying to! When are the NY housewives returning? I miss them!
"Blue tarp, significant to collapse. Increased wind speed, but other parts of the stage were already failing."
hey i followed
I've been awake for lik an hour & I cant go back to sleep! -.-
As Recovery Act grants end, find out how to sustain your programs in our Leveraging & Market Transformation session @ 1:45pm
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
Worth exploring what that means with regards to his support for a federal amendment to ban gay marriage.
hi marcia-all
Howard is like the nerd version of Quagmire on Big Bang Theory....
School in a couple of minutes.. Cant wait for Virginia:)
Materialistic <<<<< Losing like a muthafucka
Spending the afternoon in DTLA! Jazzed to play with the universally accessible pinball machine.
I will call you this weekend. I figured Hiro would be too packed w/acts for the final night but if you want me I am there!
Zaza always up to something.
getting projects ready for end of November a December -- must keep working
Oh fine. No I didn't, but i should've huh? It woulda been fly. :) *giggles*
HE'S the creeper. not me!
It was never going to happen.
My dog takes mostly the whole bed and leaves me with little room . Ahh he has his bed , I'm guessing its too small for him bahha.
Retrain will be searching for a instructor well versed with mature populations. Low impact, theraband & mat therapy.
asus slate is Years head of ipad and Microsoft ipad killer
It shouldn't be suprising that some ppl think automotive repair is a drive up like McDonalds. Major repair and diagnostic takes time
Just found #TweetDeck. Cool app for organizing my connections
RT : I know a secret. Don Jones is presenting at www.ti2011.com along with Jeffrey Snover!
shouldn't that put him in a much higher tax bracket?
: That's wonderful. Props to for keeping eyes on SF while they needed it.
sure does I have it a lot.
which article?
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 1
Yeah, probably. We should meet up at Fridays for a long island.
LoL get it girl
Sweet! Let's do it.
"I have a bath every time it rains, sir." the politician
Bored tired hungry!! haha peace Justin Bieber<33
<U+201C>: Also it's dope af s/o to dope track man #rep412<U+201D> - thank you, glad you rockin'
I thought so.
we so should
Gotta head to #happyvalley for the weekend to keep things under control... I'll be back #pittsburgh don't worry...
Sorry. Meant to respond sooner. The name challenge is OK. We plan to kick it up a notch in two weeks. Have any good ideas?
Join us for Talk Time every Tuesday in April at the Main Library at 2pm. For non native speakers to practice English and meet new people.
"nobody thats been a pile of shit their whole life than suddenly turned it around because of the commencement address."- daniel tosh haha.
#first40songsonshuffle 15. left boy - wonderful song
It looks like it though! lol
I haz a friend with me. Yipee!
Glad to see you on Twitter, Peter. I should put your FB postings into Google Translator so I can keep up with you! Hope you're well.
hey hey! I'm always around!
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
I hate my sinuses!! Ugh!!
I know it's only Monday, but I can't help planning out a mini vacation for the upcoming weekend with i-deal from
My long cat naps fuck up my sleep. :(
Watching #MyStrangeAddictions . Holy crap these people are crazy..
re: back to Lemmonex: Of course we still love you. I'm playing Bon Jovi's "Always" in your honor right now.
planning my documentary trip to Robertsport, Liberia. I think it's set for Nov. Going to enter in the Austin Film Festival. super stoked.
THANKS for the follow Anna!
I love the pear reisling, pistachio honey, and the seasonal w/ cardamon.really like/love most!! love both choc ones too
So I'm now watching think like a man and is a funny as movie
hi all how is every one
Thanks for the follow!
Wade need to step up and stop playing robin behind LeBron
i have recently been thinking about why our metadata for items w/ digital surrogates includes no data on the digital surrogate.
I'm thinking she's going to need a nap after today for sure. :) Congrats, Brooke!
Hunker down with for art drinks at The Local tonight until 7:30. There's a wood fireplace!
So what we get druuuunkkkkkk, so what we smoke wee
KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY "LOVE THE BIG BLUE NATION"
time to start franchising?
Ready for the #Heatgame tonight <U+0001F525><U+0001F3C0><U+0001F525><U+0001F3C0><U+0001F525>
Dude, your first name is Meyers. You shouldn't taunt anyone.
Cowboys! That is all.
I've gone from subbed to digest to browser bookmark to wait til someone tells me I should look :)
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional ~ Chili Davis
But we need to make the surface #parking lots on which they sometimes stand very expensive to own.
Old Country Potato Sausage today! They're off the heezy! I have triple D's! Dense Delicious Double Chocolate Cordial Cherry Brownies!
It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. - Mother Teresa
Evans. Why not.
Be A Nice Human Being And All Your Dreams Will Come True
Someone talking shit on edan for playing acoustic guitar at a hiphop show
btw where's the new temp job?
I meant To say ONE WORD LMFAOooo
yeah I don't think you deserve jess
idk if i can goo!i have to ask hold on
I'm watching live footage from Oakland right now. There's a huge crowd heading into the port...This is amazing!
In Music Meeting Ariel Pink<U+2019>s Haunted Graffiti <U+201C>Round and Round<U+201D> dark and weird in a pretty way so far best today
That last #wordsprint sucked. Only 285 words in 15 minutes. Where did my creativity go so face.
Charles Hurt...as blue collar a guy as ever put on a UK uniform. Went to the Marines after college?
COMON LAKERS, don't let them catch up! :O
RT : haha, twitter needs one! #like - RT with the #like hash, it's the twitter way.
Hello Wendy "blue check mark" Wild! RT : I respect that!!
RT Who followed and wants their shoutout? Tweet me "KUSH" if you did! IM CHECKING!
Yeah, if I was sitting and home with my little kids and some jerk just walked through my living room I'd be pissed too. ;-)
what the frick tim RT ok I'll add you, but for the record you didn't even say please... :p
Haha I've never really looked at him, maybe I should. ;) I'm good, working. Today is my b-day. How are you?
Creepy! But definitely captures that concept of how creepy he actually is!
Family get to NYC tomorrow! For graduation! And my final play! How on earth?! Where has the last 2 years gone??
Im calm now but this smile on my face will be hard to take away :)
also weird: I met a self-described "Traditional conservative" last night who is a troofer and thinks Hamas is justified. huh?
#levonHelm has passed. A #music #icon is gone and we're sad!
Sure hope the new Dodge Dart is a tad sexier than the older models!
I wish I wasn't do bad about wearing my seatbelt ... Im the worst at remembering to put it on
Am I the only one who wants to see a Live Action-Stop Motion Porno? I think it would be awesome!
:( that does not sound so enjoyable.
Thanks for the RT :)
money city woman, money money city woman. Ten dollar bills, twenty dollar bills, fifty dollar bills on your breast woman.
watching perfect game again on mlbtv...best line, 'if he knew he was going to get this much time on the camera today he might have shaved...
Glad you enjoyed the talk!
#NBA it seems like everytime i whatch basketball theres more backgroind music everythime! I hated it when i was there hate it still!
At night when it gets quiet and lonely <<<
blake students
It was nice to be back at the Q to watch the Cavs scrimmage today!
I'd still argue that they're equivalent. We can duel it out tomorrow. :)
I'm really liking the cowboy James Storm.
Thanks! I love this city & our food scene! RT You can not mention food in #Philadelphia without
Also, nice stache.
Thank you Erick, for your great story and support!
let the good times roll...
After Sean Payton received a year suspension from #NFL #Saints owner bought an etch-a-sketch to shake things up and reset.
You have US iTune account? Then DM me ur email address, I'll do it 2morrow. TSP Deluxe! You'll get an email from iTune.
I wonder why he's here....
These GOP'ers running for Prez are giving me a migraine!
can't beat the cost of living in Wisconsin. I keep telling my husband that for the same $500 we could get a 2 bdr apt in WI
Tell me more! RT : I'm still playing around with
send pictures
ya u betta call him sir matt
Folks are lined up out front. Doors are about to open
I Tried -___-
"I like that song!" "That's the Soviet National Anthem. Communist."
Zack Morris is a blonde Tom cruise. Zack morris is perfect. Zack Morris is every girls dream!!! <U+0001F497>
"Good morning, beautiful :)" That's all it takes to make any girl's day.
good morning! Thanks for the RT... found that gem. :)
Watching All That and wishing I was 7 again
Getting ready to rock it as ShawnMikael(s) with Mikael Johnson. Source Theater. 9:30.
Someone better text me back , cause if not imma be ticked.
Awe roomie's are the best! (Sarcasm) I wish there was a close by my house! I want an artisan bagel!!! #BreakfastTime <U+2639>
C'mon ... you know I have to protect my sources :p
Saw Blade Runner tonight...was as awesome as I remembered it as a kid. =]
That awkward moment when you<U+2019>re staring at nothing in particular, and then realize you<U+2019>re staring right at someone.
And you can look, but don't touch cause my paint damp.
Chillin' on the couch. Alone. I wouldn't be against sharing it with someone sometime. I'm just sayin'!!!
well you're pretty short.
oh let's hope so!!!
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together. His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
good night.
WOW...you are so Beautiful!! Epic Beauty!!!
Wow, I really had a good time tonight. Best time I've had in a while. I'm smiling from ear to ear. Bed time now..gotta b @ work @ 3 am.
Is watching 'the wolfman'. With a snoring cat on my armpit. And man she is loud!
You can come here and babysit for us all summer. Lol!!
<U+201C>: love is another kind of warfare<U+201D><<~~~emotional warfare
Years ago mentor taught me New England only has 3 months good weather From him I also learned studio photography where sun is always shining
Most women has eyes for Robin Thicke
RT : My girl, the brill is sharing her experience today on #wgbiz - topic: personal branding
Perfect day in #Austin. Think it's a work from the back porch kind of day!
Either my height or taller then me has good grades and treats a girl like a princess and will actually like me for me and . . .
gotcha bro! DM me ya email so we can take the world by storm!
<3 I love you
my bed has to be made just right before i can get comfy
This was supposed to be My Sweet Fall at the doctor, but it turned into Aaron sitting alone in the waiting room. sucks
Things I miss about college: People Watching with on the Quad.
My back is killing me, but the back garden looks killer
does Nissan have, or will they have, an iPhone app to track maintenance, expenses and other details of an owners vehicle?
I think came through with the closest thing to an inarguable refutation so far: Flipper.
Why not?RT : Didn't go to the Louisville game today! Waist of a ticket! Smh
Marty is always good for some interesting and entertaining comments! That's why I love him. I'll be sure to be listening tonight!
RT : where else but ? Tickets still available at the door!
Action is the antidote to despair.
That blows my mind.These machines are something else.
So there's like a 99% chance you want get a text from me . Lol
Do you know what a mice said when it saw a bat?Mom ! I see an angel.
I added baby bok choy to it. Perfect addition.
if I were you I would get my resume together is going to #Fail or become a furniture maker. HA
I'll say I hate a song then you'll go request it the whole night long
I'll get back there one of these days.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're producing that into a production too.
I wonder if the top 3 gets a line somewhere like idol finalists get record deals. I hope so cause all of them are so talented!~
yes! I miss the Yuba everyday.
was looking #sosweet with the clean shave in preparation for a big first day at his new gig. Best of luck today sir.
- After time at on Congress I am enjoying some espresso at Frank - Good job
We're glad =)
Johnny Depp in Sin City 2? Life = Made
how does she stalk him?
To be beautiful it not about looks it about your state of mind.....
it's not insomnia. it's just too much work.
er....she fought the shorts and the shorts won
We will be there from 12-9!
Excited to head to tomorrow for the reverse career fair!
You're welcome!
MY NEW BUS IS UP AND READY I AM SO HAPPY OK BACK TO THE MONEY CALL ME FOR THE PARTY BUS 786 223 1654
at this time in 168 hours , i will be in California !
It's been so nice hanging out at the beach and watching the blue angels perform
Amaze your fiends with a magic wand that lights up with a secret switch. Make one yourself today from 10am to 5pm.
there's still a few seats available in the lab... But yes, it's going to be a busy night
I've been so off lately, I know why. I apologize. But I'm good to go now.
that fat one kept kissing the old man.
Wish there was more talent at safety in this year's draft
you're my arbiter of all things celluloid ~ i look forward to your take on DARK SHADOWS!!
Gah!! Why can't smash be on tonight!! I hate waiting till mondays! Seems so long!
I be getting high just to balance out the lows .
okay babes..imma try to sleep...wish me luck babes :) I LOVE ME SOME U :*
When I Was Younger, I Put My Face Close To The Fan To Hear My Robot Voice.
money tight I'm on for the week!
Why would Interactive Brokers ever think it would be a good idea to have the slogan "Join the 1%" in the commercial? Stellar marketing team!
Using Twitter for the very first time!
Lil kids run up to be saying OGkush they neighborhood hero
Make sure you get your Vitamin D this fall, especially as you see less and less sunlight. (1/2)
What would you cook in your new #kitchen?
short-term solution: search Google with the article title. Clicking paywalled articles through Google disables paywall.
hahaha, soorry. My phone fell off of mu bed to so, yeaah. :l damn phone!
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
Enjoyed shooting a wedding yesterday with a good friend and fire fighter Chris!
See any movies this past weekend? Let us know what you liked!
So upset and mad at myself....all because of you! Its ridiculous of how much you mean to me....and you dont even know it.
Happy holidays, tweeps!
<U+201C>: Louisville postal carriers to deliver anthrax vaccine in case of attack". Only 10 years late
Well I think highly of Where you just hang in out here?
didn't even bring my books home from school. :)
#NP High school -
Why why why
Stop doing things the way they're "supposed to be done". There IS no way things are SUPPOSED to be done.
u guys made the city of ny and jets fans around the globe proud, GO JETS!!!
That's Junior's food and purina cat chow. I want the good stuff, MOL!
#Hialeah Park #Bike Night cookies for today: potato, cho chip, s'more, hot cake, PB, red V, 2x cho chip, vegan carrot cake & cho nanna...
when you leave love? il be home 19th may =)
"Sometimes I just sit and wonder what she has that I don't<U+2026> besides you."
First Aid for the Basic Sciences, General Principles, Second Edition (First Aid Series)
There is still food in there :) which looks good!
Sometimes I find myself wonderin' where you aree, <3
PURE by Baggott is pub'd as adult but I'm sure it will have crossover interest with teens.
Our newest team member starts today. A big FOCUS welcome to Latrell!
FUNNY STEVE
keep being a geek like the rest of us!!!! We love you:-)
#Springbreak is approaching us soon & you know what that means! IN-STORE CONTEST! Whoever travels the farthest gets some #freegoodies!
well everyone hates me to. But I'm just a good looking kid but I am upper class in my area though ha
Grade-in starts at noon. Help make #adjunct labor visible! James Gallery 365 Fifth Ave
hell yea they suck ya dick like a fuckin slurpie they get down
I should clarify; I'm rooting for Portland tonight. That orange I'm seeing makes me want to barf!!!
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad when they look in the mirror, and realize they're not black.
Mention during the convention! We'll be RTing and live tweeting at the convention and throughout Boston!
RT : I shouldn't be this drunk on a Tuesday..no Crescendo for me, home sweet home<lol
Another diary entry on 8/30/1993: "I want to see Calendar Girl. Jason Priestly's in it. I hope it's going to rain."
hey stinky butt!
To all of our friends on the Eastern US/Canada.. hope you all are safe
Knock down silos in IT Collaborate with users. Use knowledge to help them be successful. We are a learning Institution
I go coach soccer & this is what happens... Men...
Seski hot. Maybe splash feet in fountain to cool off.
What's happening now? Lunch? Thanks for all your work.
aw:$ well thanks<3 and yay let's do it:')
<U+201C>No matter what business you<U+2019>re in, all the smart people work for someone else.<U+201D> Joy<U+2019>s Law
Wish me a Happy Birthday please! it ended in my coast but oh well ;P
gets at for nothing and barnes gets to go off on a defenseless player without consequences
Ahh the opening! I hope I have enough people interested in going to that opening LOL!
you're making me misty. let me know when you're free
"We get calls of parents in tears from STL County because they can't attend our school." - City Garden's Christie Huck
Listen to the Jake and Kyle Show tonight @ 9 pst on www.wolfpackradio.org
Interesting topic. I'm sure the answer lies somewhere in the middle.
Your Saturday Night isn't complete without dinner out on the town! Make it a Grazie night: 305.673.1312.
RT Murder of #TrayvonMartin is part of a broader trend of systemic violence against people of color in America <Over 500yrs>
nigga !! if you don't get out ima beat your ass!!! lol jk jk xD but seriously get out so we can take some pics hahahahahahah
Quote from Gramsci achieves quote of the day status on corporate workplace's website.
<U+201C>A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.<U+201D> ~ Carl Sagan
wanna switch? It's mad hot in mines
Have you had a good conversation this week?
Very cute and your dog is very gentle with those baby geese.
this whole thing, amendment one, is the precedence toward a slippery slope in the state of nc!!!
Salsa Under the Stars with CHARANGA Del Valle THIS FRIDAY!!! See you there!
good morning! :)
RT : Some body text me<---text
I love your song Marilyn Monroe !(: And #BeezInTheTrapVideo was Amazing !(: You Looked Stunning ! <3
HAHA! Yes please!
Thanks for the love!!!!
Nothing like a good upper respiratory illness to distract you from any sort of end-of-grad-school-nostalgia-attacks. Too busy sneezing...
did any of you wolfies notice that jackson was turning to a were wolf in the new episode YIKES
Dumb foul
Thank you my friend!
How's your Truck?
Team Obama reelection hopes hooked on reigniting social issue war (e.g. "gay marriage"), as he knows he LOSES on economy.
I never leave anyone. Jesus. Stop assuming
... money shot.
sittin on a couch with tyler,christa,and samantha and being really bored
I think I'm just going back to that goal in general
Good morning!!! Happy Monday! Don't be too crabby - it's beautiful outside :o)
it never fails!
Haha, wow okay.
Stressing over all this BS! Omfg -___-
Happy Day of Silence.
It's So hectic but so worth it. Thankful for my awesome job where I get to take care of ppl and make bank! Ballin!
Problems are going to come. How will you respond? What will ur attitude be? Trust in God that he loves you, cares & knows. Count it all joy!
WHY IS CILANTRO SO GOOD!?
a very landscape-aware and hungry deer perhaps? sounds better then a total jerk stealing mums!
cain will do anything to get a moment in the spotlight, his ego is as large as the National Debt.
Wes Saunders. The man, the myth, the legend of Zelda. Lol.
that be some animal style with quezo
Have any of you done Eloqua's training? Recommend it?
im not being shy about it and wow
what sign looks luckiest to win?
Ferret sitting for a friend this week. The slinky of the animal kingdom! Although she'll never admit it, I think my cat's made a new friend.
is MALLET easy or hard to use?
Nothing worse than Aggies fans! So annoyed... Drink your drink and relax.
please follow me Miranda! I'm a huge fan! =)
After 24 full hours of travel, we have arrived in India safe and sound ... The coolest part?
Eva Since I Got Brick Fair I Neva Look Back There...
9 days! Excited to meet artists, designers, thinkers & doers at The M! Who? We're the sunny side up design lecture series!
<U+201C>: just let your soul glow!<U+201D> preach
Your welcome!!:)
Northbound can kiss my ass right now. Hello Beverly Glen!
apologies for my last tweet. I think CS Lewis said something about sarcasm being lowest form of humor.
#chulavista 2010 City Atty candidate Faigan should have done like Bob Castaneda & and just rented a CV place. Maybe next time
1940- The first #Nylon stockings go on sale in the US.
Chillin hard with . This dude is passed the fugg out
Your amazing , your gonna do it, and your heart is gonna grow x 3257806! Love you
okay girls<U+2665>
Soon we will be removing the current songs & posting our studio recorded songs. Last chance to download current songs. TY for enjoying them!
What goes into an effort rubric? Is any content or skill measured?
enjoy the campus visit back at alma mater
and CJ got you a gift. Idk when I'll get it to you cuz he forgot it haha
you are never an "Ex-Pittsburgher"
.'s John Lozier: "Average life expectancy in US is 80; for folks experiencing homelessness it's less than 50."
so now you're molly sender again on the book? I feel like I dont know who you are...
thank you! It went grt - pretty fun & I am looking forward to exploring deeper now that #nycswmg is over
In the cave workin with my man
O'Rileys 8-11 pm! Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock the house! See ya there :)
Wat a monday lets get it y wait till tha weekend im grown i chill everyday
Happy Birthday to my mother! ily, even though you get on my nerves sometime !
All Looks Good But Thats Mad LED Poising Right Thier >,,<
RT Fall for the "someone is saying nasty stuff about you" DM? Go Twitter settings >Apps and deauthorize any strange ones.
Go #BrittanyZika I think they just found a diamond in the rough!
#smallfryarmy sorry I haven't tweeted! Let's talk xoxo tweet me! Rt
But I did enjoy it, and I appreciated the distinct 90s-y-ness of it.
Omg this is a long ass night
Good Morning Beautiful People! Rise and Grind #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
LOL!!!! Smoking and Playing the Kinect is not a good combo!!!!
Hope we can!
Some women are single because they treat their man like their son
What an awesome weekend!! :) RT : Psyched! for dinner tonight, tomorrow night!
just got the rough mix of our song from today! can't wait for you guys to hear it.
both were amazing
You are the designer of your own life. What do you want to create?
Tweet me sweetheart:) I really wanna talk with you ^^ <3
It's almost time for my writers' group. Looking forward to another great discussion with such a talented bunch!
- I am a clown you know. So imagine my shoe size and all.
<U+2022> Me too, I love that commercial. I actually want the Cubs to win the WS if they get in, fans and city sure deserve it.
Takeing A Long Shower And Juss Standing Under The Water Thinking About LIfe !
forgot to turn on my call agent this morning. Been on the sticks for 1.5 hrs already
Woot! My free shirt from MailChimp is here!
Even if Steve Blake scores 20 tonight and goes 6/8 from deep, they should still dump his ass this summer.
Looking forward to my FIRST EVER NBA game tomorrow as the visit the #BeMilwaukee ...in Dallas!
oh, it was great lol
you trying to play football with the big boys lol
OH and thanks to BRGR for putting on a great fundraiser this weekend!
oh snap I signed up mobile twiter I think
i agree, how you been?
I sense Zade My hart is happy
Hey everyone at by the step & repeat and get your pic taken!
rocks my socks off <3
Did and really just surprise me at my house with a frosty? I swear I have the best friends ever.
I worked HARD to be a part of the elite. I pushed the "follow" button on your profile.
Buy a clapper for the lights lol
I'm excited. I want to see it so bad!
Thanks Tommy :)
Come dine at the Daily Grill and enjoy one of the twelve delicious dishes on the new Simply 600 menu! Have you tried it yet?
Di Canio banned for 11 matches for pushing ref. Better or worse than that?
High gas prices are one thing, but the price of a glass of McAlister's sweet tea increasing by 11 cents...that is my economic backbreaker
Great , broke my new nail polish .
how's the jugs
I hope that #MarianoRivera is okay; we need him.
Let's start praying now...for your stomach... o.O
Buffs killing themselves with penalties....unbelievable
Now THESE are the Celtics!!!!!!!!!!
Or fizzle like a dud...
you're a sexy beast and i love you. that's why. :)
Haha, Justin wants to be a young father . Doubt if he has a child by Gomez.
good man I'm out in California right now having a blast snowboarding
Penny Hardaway's ghost.
To work or not to work? That is the question (the answer is I'm going to go to work, I think)
interesting, I would have imagined the problem being global. It's important to learn about your audiences bt enough is enough
i guess im sick :/
Love me , <U+2665> like you love her .
Shower and then dinner. Then watching #RHOC. I miss my Baby Love
thinking about personality profile tests. B had to take one for working at the UN. Maybe there should be one for academic administrators.
mad at myself for not knowing that Owen released a new album last fall, it's really good
I helped someone send out 100 holiday cards in about an hour. We typed it and the company printed it and mailed it for us. Smart!
Come get your Salsa on at CLUB COA tonight! Free lessons beginning at 10pm! See you there!!!
#isastc character building via gaming.
happy birthday to :))
it was amazing. You have to go to a Final Four. It's not lookin good for Magic.
Once all the morons supporing Cains #999Plan figure out it will raise their taxes and stunt growth, his popularity will plummet
what happened with brothas back in the days with missing teeth.. they didn't have a chance in the world of staying out of trouble.. dag.smh
she also got into Berkeley, but ConAid in CA sucks!
: don't forget to tweet about the #dcstatehood petition!
King James U16 in final four of stormcalssic platinum division.
sure! Send me the details
haha. Well so am i(; hahahaha.
I see you guys got a few more followers in the san francisco area, sounds like it's time for a show out here :-)
follow back??
amazing!! You have to tweet more pictures!
Gotta thank for the feature again. Potential clients have been rolling in since!
Waste of my time like always ugh
Please do! I really wish I could go this year.
Thanks so much for the shout out Katy! <3
Lots of knowledge at A Better San Diego regarding what works in education.
Some British ethicists don't have a problem with abortion after birth!
Many people can tell the pain just by looking at my eyes . .. Ready to go home
Sure is looking like a nice insurance policy/ attractive rotation option for 2013+
Dirk just got put on a poster. Ha
Hear! Hear! Totally rocked it. // RT: Amazing tonight, sir. Kudos to a brilliant performance.
: Hand that man some clorox wipes lmao!!!
Retro Babies on Planet Planet
So easy being part of a champion.
So annoying
RT : Answer: tax cuts RT Question I wanted to hear: What is your grand strategy for the U.S. over the next 30 years?
Can't trust anyone anymore.
That's cause u don't follow it...UFC main event tonite was 2 top 10 contenders, check numbers Monday
Any of you Nashville folks going to the Downtown Art Crawl tonight?
You not all that just cause yo ass fat :/
That was fast!! Awesome!!
Maverick Graphic Novel Committee always wears capes & masks @ conference. My 2nd time to don mine. I like being a superhero!
SINGING FOR THE PRESIDENT amazing BELIBER FOREVER!
Only Nigga In First Class
RT HULK WANT CAR RUN ON THORIUM LASER BUT NO THINK THOR GIVE UP HAMMER FOR FUEL. GET HAIRCUT HIPPIE!
Congrats to and for winning #trivia! Ruth Wakefield invented the C in the 1930's on accident. Best accident ever!!!
If Peruvian woman that Van der Sloot murdered discovered his connection to Holloway murder on his pc why can't officials do the same?
this game is friken awesome!!!!! ~I<3 u this big
Lighting your home properly and with style will make all the difference in your living environment, contact us for a free consultation
Nicholas sparks lol but shit is deep
"Jazz is an eternal mission that transcends all strategy and all intelligence." - Wayne Shorter
don't worry I try not to and you don't be one two Kay
thanks for following me today!
Been there, done that!RT : Nothing ruins a good friendship like telling them how you really feel.
ICC appoints Cym Lowell as Vice-Chair of the Taxation Commission: See ICC website.
Watching "Girl, Interrupted" on Netflix. This is real stuff, kids.
Such an exhausting day! I say its time to wind down with some Vampire Diaries :) <3
If there's one thing I hate, it's taking off your makeup after a party.
Thanks for your great blog post!
Tip: Exfoliate with a gentle scrub that contains exfoliates that are round and non - abrasive, 2 to 3 times a week.
I know it so well..
<U+201C>: #thevow ill admit I cried<U+201D>SOFT!
I need better guitar picks... I just went through another one -_-
According to my horoscope, I'm most compatible with Pisces and Capricorn... Lmao
you up on that too
I just pray that this friendship doesn't end up like the last, where we can't stand to talk or be around one another.
Oh! Good one! I missed that one. It was so hard to chose which shows to go to. They were all so good. Can't wait til next year.
Hey, congrats!
I'm good on the grind with the the first job driving the little kids
It doesn't seem quite normal yet, just gotta keep keeping on though!
From the valley to Hollywood to downtown, a big day in LA demo'ing the latest in wireless tech with
Youth Council members will ask your questions to the MPS Superintendent. Just tweet
Photo's of the whole cast are now uploaded. Who is your favourite?
where do you get your hair cut?
When someone orders what I said I wanted at a restaurant. Now I have to default to chicken fingers to be original
hi rachelk02 - hope all is well in your tweets today
At the cell phone store. Literally 20 people waiting. Person being helped doesn't need a smart phone b/c they are very dumb. 45 minutes...
RT : demo pit best in show finalist include UX Flip, Ready-Set-Work, and cWize. Good luck guys!!
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
We need to realize it is no cake walk for us into final 4. Let's play our best and beat baylor FIRST
You all need a sense of sarcasm. So cereal. Jebuus.
"Crosby starts a new relationship" (?) tonight on #Parenthood. This should be fun.
Detroit Music Awards and best of. Big night in the D! #DMA's
Is the radio ever going to stop playing gotye?
Ohyeahbitch!!! El viernes a ver MTV World Stage con Taylor Swift & el Speak Now World Tour<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Their per capita output of outrage must be reaaallly low
im everybody see tht why i dnt talk to u haha
Keep your feet ready, heartbeat steady
Each time a team scores a tTD, tweet the hashtag #TouchDowny to () & some will receive Downy products & Unstopable Fan Packages
Wow. Between Slash at the halftime show and Ozzy bowing out to Bieber in the Best Buy commercial, this is a sad super bowl for 80s rockers.
excited to see you soon
I visited the NYC Public Library for the first time on March 13th. & the children's dept. librarians were so nice.
There are some creepy ass people at Hurricane..
Omg! BbyReggie is getting more Bad each day
lake house
Shower time :) but my dad just went in :/ grrr
RT "One of the roughest aspects of being a caregiver is the need to feel <U+201C>in control<U+201D>." by Judy Joppie fb.me/QCV7U9Zo
Parents are gone who wants to come over?!
dinner & a movie
My last session is The World of Children's Apps. Hope it's a good one!
- If you think you have a 2.7 overall GPA and are passing 207, go ahead. Don't forget to apply to the program. 25 days left!
yerr send the pic of the one im doing westside to my email cause its mad lil on fb idk why :/
I love dumbass costumers
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
I'm playing First Fridays tonight with down at Blu. Be about it.
lake town
everytime I'm at the pool and my sister asks to play mermaids I think of you.
i followed
plum upside down cake rocked our Seder and my gluten-free vegan world, equally
What sort of design are you looking for? We are a graphic design company.
"No, my bake is NOT brained." -Patrick
Is it true? Is B&N going to sell off the Nook and digital book part of their business?
get your brown #84 jersey now!!!!. spoke to the steelers store they getting the jerseys in for this year
Filling out this ASB application and idk what to write.
I think it may be called the "diabetic diet". Continue to keep us posted - that is when you are not in sugar coma :-)
Everything is getting smaller except for prices.
Okay math. I'm gonna be an athletic trainer when the hell am i gonna need to know how to solve a freaking quadratic function?!
Just pickin' on ya :) You make it up to see Jim; then hit me up for a visit on the way back home cc:
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :))
What's RvD doing this Saturday? Swing by 3036 N. Lincoln Ave. No. 2 at 7pm and find out.
That's amazing! and perfect timing
haha no jake it was in a parenting magazine
I pray its somewhere here at my house.
Civ V get!
Sometimes you just gotta love life the way it is, no matter what.
LOL! You're totally right... once I break my mindset of being accountable to those darn things! Screw it, let's go play!
no you're not..
Ronda its not real, its spam.
Did you know that we're OPEN Sundays?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
That moment when you walk into a spider web and suddenly turn into a karate master . (:
U know because cows burp methane someone sed we.should eat kangaroos because they eat grass and burp harmless gasses they ar like cows but..
Cold nights are lame...
In Berlin @ The Club Office... Ready to kick off Startup Weekend Berlin 2012.. Who is going?
Taj with the SLAM !
can i can say that i love for the fallen dreams so much omfg
I understand that
what platforms besides fb and twitter are you using to promote sports coverage
they all followed me awhile ago too but I just followed them...Matthai: 592 Sack: 4
hug the hurt, kiss the broken, befriend the lost, love the lonely.
Indie movie quote of the day: "All right ramblers, let's get rambling!" -Reservoir Dogs, 1992
yes. I had the biggest crush on him in 5th grade. He was in apple.
Sitting on the runway delayed in the 1st 5 minutes of a 21 hr flight to Finland.
": Michigan Teacher in Hot Water for Using Tea to Break Up Fight" hot water...I'm dying from laughing. Your too clever
Only if we can be on stage again. , can you make that happen?
Teixeira K's for the first out. -.-
Based on comments on Facebook and Twitter, it seems there are lots of Virginians watching the live stream of VA House proceeding on judges.
How's the zoo treating you? Keeping Colton out of trouble I hope! Or keeping him IN trouble...Either way, it's a full time job
will be, ill make sure u get it before we "officially" release it next week though
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
does anyone know how to look at your retweet history?
Awesome and thanks for the advice as always
": is beautiful tonight!"
I'm just sad you stole my thunder :/ lol
of course not. Stadi le. Not so stupid to risk exam.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 13
How did you do on the bike?
The office has some kind of local, Detroit coffee in the kitchens. I don't like it.
You're right (on both counts--ha!). I'm very lucky. :)
Teenager in FL. accused of killing his parents with a hammer. Then throwing party with dead bodies still inside home. at 5:30
The only thing worse than seeing one side of a political argument on twitter is seeing the re-tweets of the other side.
True story RT ": All day CC: RT : PLANT SEEDS"
#LMAO...girl u need 2 cut it out
Drake is coming to houston and i promised myself to get tickets and i didn't and i hate myself alfhdabhf
I just auditioned for Ps Casting audition @ castingfrontier
New E-Book Release - Indian Massacre in Orlando - Available at Smashwords.com
Two seconds away from the beach! Too bad I'm just visiting family :(((
Hope sxsw treated you well the lights will be here when you get back.
Deep league, Henderson Alverez or Randall Delgado worth a look?
"Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?" So sick of all the hate. :,(
Am I the only one who CAN'T STAND the K Zone on ESPN Baseball broadcasts?
#iThinkOfYou every single day!! I wanna get u outta my head!! *__*
I am not an ornithologist. Your argument is invalid.
I hope I can still meet you at warped. :/
Cant wait for the Wiz Khalifa next weekend!!
Hey Kyle my thoughts are you should shit the hell up....
Thank you for the solid #FF again.
well my friend and I haven't got the tickets yet but I think we are. Hope you have fun!
Watching George documentary. So far so good.
Wait! I just remembered that I am seeing on Sunday!
your tweets are cracking me UP!
New York Yankees need to step up there game
Tinted Gucci aviator lenses #sunglasses allow you to stare at people without getting caught, it's like Facebook in real life.
Thanks for tweeting about Dog Days!
#Teamfollowback follow me
You love the dog more than me...
Good relationships aren't even supposed to feel like relationships.
Stop by tonight to meet local #eco-bag designer, Lisa Schaefer, of Refreshments served starting at 6pm!
Have you ever tried secret shopping? It saves me a ton of cash.
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone :)
When your grandma goes to Steak N' Shake and brings you back a dark chocolate milkshake >>>>>
good luck! I love DC. Soak it up.
Love to the team. Y'all have made the big 3-9 much less painful. Thank you!!
Never been happier to be in a dry safe hotel. See you in Salt Lake City!
Headed to C'bus for OEA! Should be interesting
makes me wonder why this person was hired by ESPN in the first place. Will be interesting to see what else develops.
Any idea why she didn't seek a wider view? Aka, bowling alleys, VFW, hair salons, taverns, Rotary mtgs. More to small towns?
I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody. ~ Lily Tomlin via
I'm so mad they didn't call my name & I left then they actually meant to but they messed up and were looking for me in the finals.. #madaf'
On tap on 2day. from the AP joins me in studio at 1pm PT. Dr. Karl Kaluza 2 discuss concussions at 1:30pm PT.
will do
#wmnldrs If you had it to do all over again what would you do????
It's raining tonight so I'm putting the Janet on
Today - Poem in your Pocket Day, FabriFaction 2012 with and more!!!
Looks like Cabrera could use a day off
It makes me sad knowing that Austin didn't get to go to his prom. He's given up a LOT for us. So don't say that he hasn't.
Moving into the new place tomorrow! I'm happy to be back in Boston again.
Excellent, thanks!
haha maybe you will Catch up then ;D
Great portrait picture!
I'll get you a contact. He's sick and needs help, and the hip-hop community needs to come to his aid.
I might be able to swing that. I might even be in Portland by then!
Tacos! :D
Saturday was always my favorite Colt but he's going to a great team. He's worked hard for us and deserves to go out on top. Good luck Jeff
Gorgeous day at Yards Park! Join us in 30 minutes for The Nautical Yards!
A person spends in a dream 30% of life. The remaining 70%, he wants to sleep.
And after all the wedding festivities....the Haussmanns are off to McDonalds!
If there is one thing I don't like in a guy that's when they drink . That shit isn't cute
Oh how love a good long dry time.
oh god, yes. absolutely
Congratulations on being our lucky winner! Please DM us your mailing address and we'll get your DVD set to you!
Let's talk jobs & economy! No more "shiny objects," please! Attempts to distract so obvious! Where are the JOBS?
Working on my body get back like it was.
still in a delay?
Broke Bitches Steal Clothes; Real Women Got The Money To Buy Wat They Want!! Its Not Even A Hustle Its Just Sad!!
I just got my copy last week. Haven't started yet because I'm afraid of how strong the sirens call may truly be.
Major major police action involving a shooting in NE Portland by 47th and Fremont (my neighborhood) stay off streets!
So, I think everyone in EngComp, should have everything updated on their page. Everyone breath.
Volunteer meet up Thursday ant HQ 7pm!www.ghartwalk.com
Thank you all so much! Our music on Myspace has been getting so many plays! Thank you thank you!!!
So nice out today! Shame to be stuck in my office!
Actually, I don't think is the twitter account for Craig's choral group Conspirare.
okaaaysss I will !
Dangling little kids at the Pepsi center in t minus 1hr
For some reason Digging Your Scene by the Blow Monkeys keeps playing in my mind.
T - 3 days until ! We'll be following the events on #socialmedia. Are you going? What are you looking forward to the most?
Once saw "kill whits" sprayed on a bridge in the hood. But "Death to Juice" is even better. Maybe he means O.J. Simpson.
yes, but for this season...season 8 already announced girl!
Im glad i have the hard copy cuz i cant get it on my phone cuz i have an android:( #UnderratedEP still pumped<21
Back to business
Have fun!
SOME Parts Are .. Some Parts Are Ghetto . xD <#
Would you quit Facebook in exchange for $1million? Can you believe that 1 in 3 people said they WOULD NOT?
The thought of living this close to you makes my heart flutter...
First bonfire of the year!
I'm going to for a fun Race to the Fashion event. Wearing my fab racetrack sun hat for the occasion!
cuz micah is saying that she didnt do that and im just trying to get her in trouble when i saw that slut in my backyard
The fact Im leaving the state of CO here soon >>>> #EastCoast ^.^
Follow and get followed please try once
NOTE: The website and magazine will be changing in the near future. Thanks again for all your feedback...
When your director wants to waste a bunch of time and then blame it on the choir.
Don't follow me because you want a follow back. Follow me because you actually want to.
Okay. Next step?
eric dampier and the 4th quarter isnt a winning combination
If we can accept suffering as part of life we suffer less. It is the rejection of our hurt that hurts the most.
I heard you have a good sense of humor. :-)
Sad that ur not returning to XFUSA but wishing you the best & much success in all ur future endeavors. #KillerLove XoXoXo <3
- Hope to see Chicago show in July but will do the Red Rocks shows in September.
Q: What do you call a virgin on a waterbed? A: A cherry float.
Tap-N-Burn is seeking instructors in the Dallas, Texas area. Licensing & training in 02/12. Email for info. Please RT!
If you are in need of a web presence that fits in yet Stands Out then we're the crew for you!
people need to think before they speak. you dont know how you are affecting the people around you.
You know that nothing but your best effort will do. You have studied hard and conscientiously. Get a move on it and Get It Gone.
that awesome moment when you get from your favorite singer >>> makes my day more awesome
Just did my best version of #Dado in magical NYC running weather. :)
Gas stations can act high and mighty w revolutionary non-touch sinks/toilets, but as long as I must touch the door to exit, it's scumtastic.
exactly my friend, I just hate stupid people
cause he had to know what you were capable of... in order to want you for that..
Uhm, i need a culvers mint oreo and twix concrete mixer. Who wants to be a doll and get me one?(:
Time for UNPOPULAR THOUGHTS w Andrew: all Asian dudes have stupid anime haircuts
Talk to them about a singer's career arc. Sometimes fun crazy stuff happens for people quick, but often it's LONG.
Oops he is from private law firm. My bad. I retract last tweet. So sorry Microsoft. Please don't crash my laptop
however, i accidently found your twitter handle, so there we are. welcome aboard!
RT Why? MT Ntl ministry of Higher Educ. ordered immediate closure of private univ.'s operating in
My mom's face when I told her I applied to a couple out of state colleges.
Good Morning...RIP Charles Mathis. A dear friend will be missed..
<U+201C>The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon; but, only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat high<U+2026>
No More by LL Cool J & Neyo, song is deep
glad you enjoyed it!
My poor violin is in the hospital...anyone have a nice one with a pick-up sitting around that I could borrow for a little while?
has great apps for kids. Check them out!
I love to videotape then watch it.
I know!! I use Twitter for ranting. And it's almost impossible with only 140 letters!
sitting on the beach right now no signs of trouble
Sunday night slow jams is where I always run away too :-)
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Who can complain about having a bad day when your still gettin double takes! Lmao
What are you drinking this morning...a blend, Coffee of the world or flavored?
aww thanks Mrs. Broom. I refuse to accept that I am a has been.
If you owe me money, don't call me and ask if I know anyone who has weed.
Sry, should be only with $$$. Cause I have tons? Annoyed.
really(: that's cool
Promoter university, done. Maryland for the weekend then ATL for a hot sec on Monday. SC- bound Tues for work.
Cleaning today.. cleaning a lot of junk out
site is down. Too many people with the
Arabic Proverb~ To the pure all things are pure.
I have to say I don't really like songs from a band group but this group is pretty good they have some real good songs
Hope your day turned out good for you! :-)
so nice outside! first run around the loop with the xc team and a hard gym workout
I'm free for lunch
Happy Friday & Happy Fall! Any big plans for the weekend?
Going to get a haircut!! (:
you look very straight.
We could start our own commune!
BELIEBERS! #BanBeliebers will not over power are awesomeness they are just jealous. is inspirational<3 and is always there
take a baby goat, you know "kids!" It is the USDA afterall!
The #Lord is a warrior; the Lord is his name. - #Exodus 15:3 Awesome verse!
Seriously about to jump in someone's pool. So hot.
Sometimes I wonder if life is a dream .
Thanks for listening in for the #AMASocialVolt webcast today. Hope you got some value from it :)
Everyone at skool was like "OMG sade u talk now.." DUUHH I'm not retarted, I can talk. I just chose not to. -__-
I'm lucky to get 24 consecutive hours.
if Ty plays, we win that game easy. Don't be surprised when the go into LA and beat them by 20 on Thursday
Monday Night Football special 12 wings 2 Drinks 10.00 or Green Chile Cheese Burger fries and a drink for 7.50
RT : Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys - L<U+2019>Engle
I need to get my nails done, ASAP!
Wher you Photos!!!!??
use our coupon code save20 just about everywhere that will take it. if they don't, tell them to DM us.
Hm. My guess is a studio is behind the twitter buzz over the Anchorman sequel. Nothing else can explain it. The original was not good.
RT : Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Tony Robbins
Matthew is 6 weeks old and has a rare form of brain cancer. We met his mom last night. Please pray for this sweet little guy's...
black voters or black churches? I see lots being written about the established "leaders" - that seems more the wedge
With that setup,I can "ride" for several hrs (I'm in the middle of a 4hr "ride" now!).But yeah:it's hard to be excited abt it 2/2
Does Windward also dabble in micrographics? Would love to hear more about what you do!
Delain: Epic Metal Troupe&#39;s Third LP To See North American - Rock ...
Cheers to your weekend! Enjoy and let us know about the adventures you will be heading on with your Vinchee Backpack
it's probably in your nose...got a neti pot?
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Is your URL radio friendly? Would people know how to spell it and remember it?
<U+201C>: Apologies, excuses, I hate them both.<U+201D>
Follow me,If I'm following u
Just saw a homeless guy holding a sign saying "I bet you can't hit me with a quarter!"
I need to study to late now
i don't think it was
lol I got them son....
To keep the body in good health is a duty...otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. - Buddha
I think I'm going to turn off my bedroom light before my kids do.
Ugh so sad I forgot my tea :(
Just beat my daddy in chess.
We apologize to everyone about this week's unusual change in office hours. We will resume regular hours beginning next week.
When I was little, I used to think the block of TGIF shows was much more hilarious than the restaurant. Now I think the exact opposite.
"They're looking for WR's." First smart thing these broadcasters have said today.
Watching the Giants vs. Eagle game...so unbusiness related, lol!
shame the newbies can never handle it smh
WOW Broncos = 0 QBs. So far so bad.
lol. It's not a vaca i have in mind darling ;)
A little good news from Gartner - Forecast growth in U.S. dollar-valued overall IT spending has been revised up to 7.1% from 5.6% for 2011 <U+2026>
#spreadlight is so inspiring for all. It feels good to know I'm creating my own work and collaborating with artist that feel the PASSION.
Courtney Stodden really freaks me out. Like "I think you may be an alien I'm afraid to make eye contact" style
Our Essential Cinema Top 10 is currently on sale (PPR only)! Classics such as Metropolis, Nosferatu, Faust and more. Buy 2 get 3rd 20% off!
GrassRoot Business Networking www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
#whosgonnalose - top of the hour, picking all NFL games - tweeting results here
South Africa Application Deadline is TOMORROW! This is your last chance to apply! Get your applications in !
BK, you're my #1 fan with that one <U+0001F61C> <U+201C>: ok well you go for ugly and fail every time then.<U+201D>
Hey , if you think earning redonkulously sweet rewards by checking into your favorite places is weird, than yes, we're totally weird
Good morning. I hope you were able to catch Servant Warrior Radio this morning. If not, don't fret camper. It'll be online later today.
2007Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland is built like a tank. I have 70,000 miles on my and just now replaced rear brakes, front stil good.
Yes RT : Does anyone else miss the days when Super Bowl ads actually debuted during the Super Bowl?
our little Justin bieber has grown up! Dang I love the boyfriend music video gave me chills!
everyone go follow my cousin , she's new to twitter !! :))
this has got to be the longest day of my life
Are you shitting me?
have a great weekend! xxoo
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Turkey has more protein than chicken or beef
"Do you think of me the way I think of you? Do you hope for things most likely won't come true?" ::sarah jarosz::tell me true::
how are you doing can I get a follow back.
you suck! now i have no motivation lol nah ill prolly make a copy too when i go get my food from Niki
Best way to follow the draft!
Hey! Yeah Poynter is great, how's France? When are you back in town?
Well well, here we go again
that's some manly music
#indesign #adobe they really need to improve tables and table styles in InDesign... barely usable, frustrating, inconsistent.
haha no it wasnt about you :P
I've been waiting at #bankofamerica for 45 minutes just trying to get a new debit card.
I appreciate that :-)
Dev's team just moved up to 21 and is gonna take Chandler Jones.
everybody wave!
hee hee awesome. Well I miss you. Wish you would come back!!
#YOLO = You Only Lariat Once. Any other meaning is meaningless.
I think I love you . /:
Awkward silence... "Oh, sorry I've never been called ma'm before" guest says to me.. Haha
"You can't take a black man's kool-ade!" - Ice T on Live with Kelly *face palm*
SparkFun Electronics Travels to the USA Science and Engineering Festival to Host Electronics Workshops for Kids
I think #JackandJill went up that hill to do more than just get some water
seriously! freaking love #NewGirl !!
I can't stop smiling
Oregon St vs. Oregon... QUACK QUACK!!! :D
OH GOD NO. Ed and Cher Lloyd are the only secrets I've got left! Well, and Cheryl Cole sorta.
Good luck to the homies at the Battles tonight, tear em up!
The biggest part of your view on the Bogut trade has to be your opinion of him returning to 09/10 pre-injury form.
Have a safe trip!!
This is gonna one mother of a day.
#youngsluts are all used up by 20.
hey my dad said he might be able to get a spot for you. He wants you to call him. I guess I'll just message you the number?
My Birthdays next month.! The countdown beqins
Law of Biomechanics - The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
Getting busy printing some new stuff for Trying to pass the time before the big game.
wow! That's awesome! How many screens is that total?
we need to chill !
I shall cut #jaxshow some slack. He's a great TV personality & he's a nice dude. Met him before at an event. This is temporary truce.
We just finished the film. Ready for world wide distribution! Check in for the latest news
ah! Next time you'll have to meet us for a drink
So true - nothing drives me crazier than "that's just how it's always been done!"
Yeah true ,but fine is a good start lol
Happy birthday Ollie!!!! How old r u now? 15, sweet 16? right?
I wonder what has to say about that article...
There is nothing proportionate about Beth Ditto, and if I was even close to looking like her, I'd ship myself off to fat camp.
There r sum stupid muphukazn the world
I'm cravin a "date shake" bad. Muchos grande.
it wasn't unusual for rates to stay exactly the same year after year.
I was going to disparage my fellow Americans about National Chocolate Chip Day" but when I switch countries its still there. Screw you all.
you bet. Good luck!
thanks... I've always wanted to visit (and run) in Spain.
In a day where u dont go across any problems, u can be sure ur travelling in the wrong path
Its too much stress talking to somebody bruh... Idk what to do
my names not jeffrey god damnit
The kid is singing the National Anthem with at Astros game today.
Sent you gift to have through ur treatment. The best of luck to you! Much love and support!
just make sure your phone is charged up so you can play Angry Birds: Space every time Dave talks:)
we are excited to follow our students and alumni. We're proud to follow you.
In Dallas and ready for #linked2012! Be sure to stop by the iTriage booth if you're here!!
Managing Partner, Twiller|Moore, an executive search and consulting firm in NYC; Board Member, NAPS; Boston College grad;
Do I even follow any female Devils fans? Like, that have the Devils as their primary team?
Longest line at Fred Meyer?? Yep, MegaMillions by a longshot (yep, pun intended)
How To Spring Clean Your Dryer Vents and Air Ducts <U+00AB> Air Systems ...
at least he isn't talking about recycling his water again!
If I didn't mention your name don't take it personal im eating and it ain't enough characters.
: Henry Ford Library .
Can I be 16 & live in LA, London or NY. That would be great.
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
then move somewhere not too far from me :(
RT : NOTORIOUS BIG DREWBYRD REMIX...PARTY &amp; ????????
hi brian sent u a direct message my friend!
I think we replaced your replacement?
How many more #Brewers will be HBP before this series is over!
I sure am hungry. Resisting the urge to buy food at the airport.
I think they shouldn't have spring training...
Oops! Accidentally approved someone who's been spamming me with job opportunities on LinkedIn.
Well I was born in the sign of water & its there that I feel my best. The albatross & whales they R my brothers. Time 4 a Cool Change
I'm really angry my Twitter was suspended...
i need you, like a bird needs his feathers. if there's some one better, i still haven't found her yet.
": #WeirdFactAboutMe If I had the time, I would change my dorm room around every week." This makes me happy (:
S/o to the dudes that lied and said that they cared about me!!
This is belated, but big props to Jesus for not shamelessly begging for retweets on his birthday.
If Michael Sadler and Lady GaGa did a duet, it'd be called the GaGa Saga.
I can't play around with the spirits.
Its funny to hear people in miami talk about getting peyton manning. Bastards
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
My hair at night>>>>>
We're in high school. There's no need to fight over fucking seats...
great mtg you at the #UAFNYSE event! Very fitting to have a conversation around financial literacy at the
I hate chipotle. Except for when I want a burrito.
REMEMBER!!!!...THE SHOW STARTS AT 8PM BUT......WE DONT GO ON TILL 1145 SO PLAN WELL..GO NUGGS!!!....N SEE YALL THERE!!!...LETS GO!!!
One of the best things that can happen to us in life is to discover that the work we do each day connects to what we believe in. Live life!
Good night universe
i know - I am looking at $400-475. with a connection
Want. To. Sleep.
The new site looks really slick
I did lol I was there 4 months, I'm just young and free
That's real f<U+20AC>{^ed up
I seriously hate spiders -.- why do they even exist
Wednesday cannot come soon enough. FOR REALZ, U GUISE!
Shifting from GUI to NUI needs to consider things like context, posture, focus and more...
My sister is on a phone call with the president right now re: #Irene. Feeling important by association. :-)
I need a swimsuit cause I'm getting in the water thus summer, I cant take this heat
Feature Creative Launching Soon.
No block of rooms reserved for #thatcamp specifically; many are coming from the Hilton for #saa09 if you want to meet up there.
Louisiana Tech, a member of the #WAC since 2001, will officially become a member of Conference USA in all sports starting July 1, 2013
my nose fucking hurts and u left me a scratch !
we gon do Fl. style! Straight Bay all day in da A baby!
#Imagine You and Niall are going through all your hate on twitter and Niall holds your hands looks into your eyes and says,"Your beautiful."
I feel like a machine today! Uh!!! Blog posts! Work! Dropping off clothes at Secondi! Pilates! Getting clothes tailored! Uh!
"He expected judgment from them, he himself stood in the crowd that stared at him." - B. Brecht on travel.
Are you home? my phone is broken so I can't call.
Happy Birthday My Long Lost Sister <3 . I Love You .
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans. -Ronald Wilson Reagan
Woah just saw I had 666 tweets, gotta change that quick
oh i want to go to there.
That's cool. Love fireworks..I was born July 3rd guess that's y. Have fun!!!!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 39
#HPMKT we have made a list and checked it twice. I'd rather be naughty than nice.
I MUST see perform on Friday !!!!!!
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Tonight's mussels: 'Black Earth Valley' Chicken of the woods mushroom & baby tomatoes, 'Garden to Be' Anaheim Peppers, Light Cream Broth
<U+201C>: my phone says 23<U+00B0> lol but its soo boring. Sitting here. :( haha I just rather go<U+201D> What's 7 degrees
<U+201C>: A horse walked into a bar.. Several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger in the situation.<U+201D> hahahah!
hello wht's up how's ur day
I think it would make an awesome blog post. Glad so many in #emchat disagree w statement
Have the Steelers ruled out putting Fergie on the field? She looked pretty terrifying in her robo-gladiator-football getup
oh wow!!!! Tht must hurt!
What's new? Anything super rock and roll?!
Happy to have completed most of run before this morning's deluge.
Tonite MCPl Lac Folmc Fol joint meeting. So Many acronyms to plan for this year of action!
don't let it kill ya. Lok at it this way: they better be spending theri energy talking about you
"We need libraries now because we're in a complex information environment" -ALA President Roberta Stevens.
Well never be the same because I broke our promise..
Congrats to Always working.
Excited to teach Community Bodywork and Herbal Stress Relief to fellow volunteers tomorrow.
please don't blow my high, when I'm smoking that purple rain
Yay we just got 3 more phones
Got to just love power outages, COME ON NOW! I need to work dammit...
Go Trio gig @ Deer Head last nite was abso killin' w/Jeanne Brooks.
Stereo Vision&#39;s REZN8 Slam Dunks Fox Sports NBA Deal
Hi Ari :) what are you going to do?? :D
That awkward moment when your neighbor is mowing his lawn with a motorcycle helmet on<U+2026> LLN.
Hurry hurry hurry get your program to the Rapture.Ya can't tell the players without a program. If you hold lucky program #666 you win a pass
Its okay Cam They didnt make it this year but The 49er still got Next Year!! #NeverGiveUp <3 follow? **i.NeEd.YoU</3**
He is the truth, is a superhero
5000 Flyers For Just $99? Cross Promote Your Artist, Event, or Business with FreeCitiMedia call 404.449.2454 to ask me How!
you don't know me man
gotta thank god for another day man it feels good to wake up and see day light realtalk!
The lady at the 99 cent store just said she wan sucky sucky from Lucky Fucky. Lucky Fucky is my Las Vegas name for these bitches
Happy Hour til 7pm! Come on in for $3 drinks!
You know how you control the guy in temple run? Well, I bought the black guy in temple run. & named him Tannell. Tannell's my new bitch.
Eh, I've tried that with women. It doesn't work.
Good luck!
Listening to the latest rough mixes and feeling very pleased. (Special thanks to !)
Did you know the wedding cakes were originally broken over the brides head? Ouch!
Thank you to everyone for the sweet birthday wishes! I feel great :)
Welcome, , to the tweet world. Thanks for following and prepare for a whole new world.
Andrew Young, mayor of Atlanta, US Congressman & Ambassador to United Nations born 12 March 1932 I photographed him playing tennis in 1970s
yes he does, sometimes he leaves me to go play the drums(;
Eli Manning jersey to Church?
I just registered for the #GMAT and after which felt the sudden urge to run around the room flailing my arms in a panic
Biology Final tomorrow, ughh.
Vip<U+2019>s get discount tickets on Knott<U+2019>s Scary Farm. Call us for details 619-226-1121 or vipclubcard.com
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year xoxo. Jen, Bri Bri , and Ismael.
..I'm a little disappointed that I buy expensive bras thinking it's quality to have 2 of them fall apart in a few months
Missing itterog's weekend food tweet
Just watched New Years Eve. I love that movie!
Jose Bautista puts Jays on the board in the 4th. Tribe up 4-1
Today Madison tomorrow Bel Terra:)
Awesome! Thanks. :)
Truck #1 is rolling now
Only cool people own mythical creatures
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
No new ideas @ prom rec reading & lasted less than 1hr for a 2hr block! Off to find another session
Happy #easter Hope it's been great! THX for
WITTY WED: Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
I can't believe today is my last day of class. 2 years have gone by like lightning. I'm scared.
Follow any dreams in your heart.Your always special in anyway you are.Above thousands stars rise the sky.Question wat am i gonna do in life.
lmao! I wouldn't come down too. The city is a mess! I don't know where yet. I'm doing some interviews. More likely Mississippi
Should have a couple cage videos up tonight.
great! I usually have one mid-day to get me through the rest of the work day and a workout after.
I really hate DRAMA
getting an oil change and rotating tires at Arlington Nissan.... Home Inspection later this evening
Jasper won't cuddle with me <U+0001F614><U+0001F436>
Smart by Ricky. Maybe that will knock Dickey out of the game and the Marlins will get to face the Mets bullpen.
Hi Tyrese, Were you @ The Books for a Better Life Awards in NY Mar. 12th? Wanted 2 meet U but didn't C U. My book was nominated 2.
ill chill lol just let me know where at
Whyy is it that i meet the best people when the school year is over?! Unfair -__-
Finally a day off! Time to relax
I don't know if someone's car alarm is going off outside or what is going on, but it's about to drive me insane...
Chula Vista is so proud of you, !
Live with purpose and passion.
well i have a diffent twitter lol just take a wild guess lol i kinda lol just guess lol
It's hard to watch the Cowboys struggle this much.
Trading water for jobs: why one city dogged by unemployment thinks it will work...tonight on 12 News at 10.
Well... You know, nothing you report is true until Darren Rovell confirms it. You may not want to get on his bad side.
one day my friend... saw pics of the childhood menu looked awesome.
4 months and something till my birthday! ;d
Anne Curry's bright color-blocked jumpers are not doing her any favors in the Big Girl Anchor department. #newswomansweatersets were better
"What bacon? The only damn bacon we got is baking soda!"
Its all fun and games until you realize your Capri Sun has no straw then stuff gets real.
LOL ill try not to
The TAASK is number 1 on the rock chart for Alpharetta for Reverbnation.
don't worry these past 6 weeks I've had enough for both of us
Literally just screamed loud as fuck and almost caused a huge accident
always and forever
Shout OUT to all the beautiful women on my TL
Follow back?(:
FWIW, I approve.
There is something bigger than fact: the underlying spirit, all it stands for, the mood, the vastness, the wildness. - Emily Carr
WTF? Just saw the whole Strongsville's police dept for a car accident aint no dead bodies just a dude rollin on the ground with a hurt knee
I'll be on trend. I brought a whole bag just of sunglasses. California, here comes.
They just shut down I-25 right there...
Now, if I could just get more followers on my Tumblr and other blogs.
Pretty pumped about this volleybally thing at with some cool cats. Good thing we are in the C league though lol
To lake george with my mommy and justine for pizza and ice cream.
the things that were done tonight...#holyshit 45 minutes to go!
damn. . i cant believe he died, RIP Gabriel
It's really hard to take a #nap with people doing karaoke at the pool, right outside my window. And, the Thong Song? Really?
The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk, they're sober. -William Butler Yeats
We printed Best of 2011 books that came out today! Pick up a copy at Stinkweeds -- www.stinkweeds.com
Iced fucking coffee
If you're not on our mailing list and want to get an invite to the Resounding Vision Award party, let us know at
Cracked my iPhone. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Don't let your fears win.
sent to you by indiewood. Help a fantasy indie artist out! Retweet www.indiegogo.com/Verlosser-A-Short-Film
R.I.P Uncle eddy I love you so much! :( Damn you never realize how short life is until you lose someone that impacted your life...
If you can't make it to the Symposium tomorrow, watch it live on C-SPAN3 & join in on the conversation with the tag #POTY1862!
still not working, nah is it a good match or what?
You will have your richly deserved Portland Food Cart Adventures GO TO THIS FOOD CART sticker tomorrow!
DreamTrips coming soon!
RT : "A goal properly set is halfway reached." zig ziglar
hahahaha never underestimate the magic in my wand.
I got a hangover. Need to be at an awards luncheon in 57 mins. I just woke up. I think I can make it lol. GM :)
Every SINGLE one eh...
And here we go...
Welcome to St. John's University! RT : in the fall i've be attending st. john's university :)
#IThankGod for letting me see another day.
with, but i wrote the book, dollface.
Gay is Okay, that's all I gotta say.
KHSAA inductee Graham keeps competitive spirit despite battle with MS
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #swdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
June 26th cant come fast enough! Linkin Park's new album! My anticipation gets higher everyday!
I don't have time to please everyone, I barley have enough time to please myself.
Siiigghhh. I'm bored. Going to gymnastics soon I can fianaly do my bhs
m true, oh well #YOLO x) plus it's an easy school. I hate my school cause I get stressed out -.-
Great, sprawling conversation on linked data/ crowdsourcing at
I hope you bought that shirt at a discount. There is a word spelled incorrectly.
what's the point of putting practice problems in the book if they only give you the answer to one!?!?!?!?!
craigslist itself advises people to meet in public locations and not stray from them
Today, I tried buying quarter water. It was 35 cents.
followed back my 47 new followers lol! sry it took so long! haven't been on in a while :) go follow and ! :)
Check out our friends who are launching this week and connects you with VIPs while supporting good causes!
Yes, column about the influences of corporate politics in objective journalism (or whatever it is Kornheiser does).
I know the feeling!
Seeing the wonderful (Nancy Dobbs Owen) in "The Bridge Club" at Deaf West. Catch it, closing soon!
well, I don't think that's just a "bear" issue.........
i would totally love to cook for you. I really like to especially if it's be for you.. you'd be grateful.
he's still riding the penn state train
In 1949, the Soviet Union lifted the Berlin Blockade, which the Western powers had succeeded in circumventing with their Berlin Airlift.
I can remember more than a few Independence Days in Chicago that were chillier and worse than this here St. Patty's Day.
If sweat had a sound, mine would sound like porrlaaaaannnnddddd
It turned out better than I thought. I will send you a pic later - it will be shot this weekend. Faux fur sheds like crazy.ugh.
Those people that you could retweet over and over again, but you don't because you don't wanna seem like a stalker..
Haha, when we said our stuff is a "total steal", we didn't mean literally!!!
I love the three pricing options, are you going to have them for all future EVOLVE/DGUSA PPVs?
On to Afghanistan. It's about time this debate gets back to topics GOP voters care about.
Hey justin
Bored as hell
RT Honda sued by irate driver over Civic Hybrid's failure to deliver 50mpg < - - 50MPG?? Well, it was in print; must be true...
Adam Schefter just did.
where dru! where!
oh yaknoww ;) haha i miss you
only if i can tie my boogie board to the back of the raft---! clack-Belay!
For the next 1 hour swing by Shanahans Steakhouse and get the deal shown here: $45 3 Course Sunday Supper
Happy Valentines Day! Hallmark holiday or great way to show your true love??
Done with scanning and on our way home. Watch for more advance digital images of what's inside of the token balls soon.
I was just at HT and forgot to buy red wine vinegar. See you in a minute.
Keep the comments coming..we are tallying up responses
Take this opportunity to register for Cru De Gra! Don't be left out
overheard at : "it's a commune, for lack of a better word."
STRESSED...OUT TIME TO ROLL'EM...SWEAAR...
That shit crazy
Looks like Mizzou Arena trying to create its own "phog"...what is with the smoke-like air on this ESPN picture?
don't remind me...LOL
#IgniteTheWriterWithin! the party is starting! Come to to find us!
Nice job today and
Sociology. Finishing my diss now.
haha that's awkward but awesome :D
Wilco is coming to rock Fillmore Auditorium - Colorado Denver on Thursday, January 19th 2012. Get concert tickets by calling: 888-493-0004
Happy Valentine's Day! <3
Hope everyone's okay. Turning to our San Diego office for #earthquake advice.
the four year old guessed Bin Laden. which was the right answer to her little brother's "guess my person"...
Being a female is a matter of birth. Being a woman is a matter of age. But being a lady... Now that's just a matter of pure choice.
Why dose it have to be about black & white. We need to just get along, we r all the same.
Always give your client never less, but always more than they expect.
Well we are our own worst critics!
Can y'all stop sending me stupid links and crap! They're annoying. Thank you:)
Saturdays at SELECT LOUNGE (415 N. Paca ST.) For more info text or call 443-939-9135 for tables & DRINK SPECIALS
If you have the means to get banana pudding from magnolia bakery, you must do it #ridiculous And i don't even like sweets!
will do! Thanks!
nope I'm at my mommy's with the fam.
Good luck to our good friend ELM PIZARRO today -- at the MSA audition today :) And Gluck to everyone auditioning!!
im really not <3
Great win for the Bulls. Bench mob killin' it. As Bill Murray in space jam said "Lets go Bulls"
OK now I'm having too much fun. back to work
im in school
If my iphone wouldn't had fallen dwn 2 flights of steps, I would've been taken care of this document, now I gotta use this "scrap" smh
Tuesday at 7am - Paraguay vs. Japan. At 11:30am see Spain and Portugal clash! We will Re-Air the Spain/Portugal Match again at 6:30pm.
yes? RT : It's follow Friday so... EVERYONE FOLLOW ME! (Am I doing this right?)
oh no! Hope she is okay! Poor little girl.
So happy for all the newly engaged couples out there (including my sister)!!!!!!!! CONGRATS! And let the #weddingplanning begin!
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code 57mjm)
RT : bad bitchess like me aree hard to go find ;]
oh gof this is so funny WY IS THIS SO UFNNY
If you are in a library, I think its polite to turn the sound off on your phone. I don't need to hear train whistles or song snippets.
Think like a MAN (TODAY)
miss u too!!
Your getting a little too comfortable.
LOL, m. I've picked you up on the street before, bby.
"if you find something you Love to do, you'll never have to work a day in your life!"
When tweets I'll probably scream cuz he hasn't make a real tweet in a while...
There is a reason why Ovie doesn't get ice time. He's makes terrible decsions on every shift. Horrible shots poor defense turnovers.
k bye
Siri, you can take the night off because I don't use you anyway.
I want to #meetoscar this weekend ! I love chimpanzees <3 <U+0001F435>
You should never play with someones feelings
you will !! no worriess !
L.A. weekly calls FTGU "an unusually talented and seasoned ensemble cast" Come See "Getting Out" 7pm at Lyric Hyperion www.lyrichyperion.com
Did you buy one of our Manning T-shirts? Post a picture of you wearing it on our wall! We would love to see it
I don't care to be good, sheriff, I care to be whole... I will not sent you sailing if you came here to drive...
<U+201C>: I don't fall in love often, but when I do, I fall hard. Like topple-out-of-the-clouds-and-hit-the-ground hard.<U+201D>
This. Has. Been. The. Longest. Week. Ever. . .
Ash -- Congrats. Your posts have credibility, and your method has rigor. Please keep it up.
Very nice picture. Very natural.
damn damn damn! Ill be home in san antonio and I return the 30th.
Timing is everything when it comes to asking for questions during a presentation. ~Bob Pike
uh huh ass super soft she made my dick hard i put in her booty then she slobbed dick nutted on her that shit was a glob
"Boy you'll be the death of me, you're my James Dean, make me feel like I'm 17"
We can do that! But if you kids want matching jumpsuits, you're barking up the wrong tree.
Let the games begin!!
Norm still has a massive man-crush
Thanks, Abbey. The Foundation is wonderful. I'm officially joining PRSA tomorrow, and will look for you Thursday.
what's up. music www.kingbabajames
RT : Data visualization is HOT. And here comes Bieber. I'm not even kidding.
Is this the WNBA or heat v. Celtics?
But before you tell me I'm not helping, I vote for Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance
always puts things concisely. I love the guy. VP choice for would be awesome!
cool bro
I'm enjoying your blog, thanks Scott
Ahh why do you do this to me baseball... <U+0001F44E>
TBud-smacking bouquet of wood smoke & pork filling the air- Our Bill L. has 85lbs of butts on the smoker NOW for 2events next week!
whats up with chucky saying your going bald bro?
thanks so much!
You flirt and then you diss her. You ignore and then you say you miss her. You kiss and then you ditch her. Do you even want to be with her?
here we go!
Back in stadium manager sessions till noon with then its poolside with the sun.
That's why you're the greatest #DCU fan!!!
mine is Friday :/ I've been studying like crazy I'm so nervous
OMFGGG my aunt just saw me -_____-
Cant wait til my boy Anthony Pettis fights tonight
if it komes to it., ill get ya wife., and when it komes to it iRun through em like a yellow light.!!!
please follow me:) #TEAMBIEBER ;) thanks!!!!
Hey, Boston-nites - know a good realtor? Looking for apartment rentals, so please! Give me your best! please &thank you.
In Miami now, come on people! Set is at 12 midnight at Grand Central...Who's coming?
Congratulations on joining ASCAP!
And I thank the rest of you for not blowing smoke up my ass.
If i get rejected im blaiming you. RT : CALL
Tom thank you for following. Is that a gramy? My nephu has a few on those too.
Xavier Avery gets his first major league hit-- a hard double off the right center wall at
"Some people like to read their Bibles in the Hebrew; some like to read it in the Greek; I like to read it in the Holy Spirit."
Goodnight twitter (:
#Geek charming: a really over rated movie. I should be insulted about how they interpet teenage girls..i still loved it :p :D
Glad you joined us
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone. It's those with follow through who excel. -Mary Kay Ash
Yay I hope Loves his time while he's back home, He deserves a break and time to spend with Family & Friends :)
Lots of thunder and lightening.
It's the little things: working between Xmas & NYE means you get a seat on the metro...bc everyone else takes the time off.
Some serious swag right there from Rondo to end that interview
well done, lad!
UGH!! Seriously? [back to hoping Dr is right and C is outgrowing Dairy allergy!]~
join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
William Hall is my hero.
And I'm drunk again!
OH! Now I understand! Thanks!
some young ladys grow up to be women & some like me? We just pop out the womb as women.
Your so welcome, have a great weekend!
Sleepy. Glad there is coffee for the morning!
Assembly concurs in bill to limit number of income taxcheckoffs, bill was amended by Assembly and now needs to be concurred in by Senate
<U+201C>: whats been up? Its been a while<U+201D> been working hard! See you at #Mojostock ?
Having a 'never drinking again' moment.
Thanks for the awesome article, Jonathan :)
not cool dude..
Had a callback 2day at an ATL hotel & ran into the bad guy f/ Terminator 2. For a split second I thought he might morph into the T-1000. :/
Thanks Scott! I think I'll do that. xoxo
I opened my windows...now I will have to sacrifice myself if the bugs get in...can't risk my posters lives.
Our DP Mike just strapped a GoPro Camera to his head as he ziplined down a mountain over looking a lake
My heart is like a lemming.
about time! Hah
same here we need to party! And it's the first Saturday of the summer (;
Leaving for the states now! See you on the other side.
Thanks for asking! We're building a crowdsourced database of music industry definitions to help making business decisions easier.
I caved, picked up the new iPad.
"May good luck be your friend in whatever you do, and may trouble be always a stranger to you' -Irish Blessing Happy St. Patty's Day!
Wed.'s Words of the Wise: "Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me. " --Sir Winston Churchill
Sounds good to me! Thanks!
Who the hell do you think you are?
"Its not a joke until someone crys" ^^ -Noah
Boats. Fucking boats.
Going to Disneyland :-)
Mexico irrelevant, true. But r polygamist grandparents < relevant 2 #Mitt's religion than Rev Wright is 2 Obama's?
Obviously not one you would have hired...
Love will ask you to step out of your comfort zone, to sacrifice and to compromise. If you cant agree to those, love wont agree with you.
its over..its done and theres nutthin u can do about it..that's it..it's done
Can't decide if I like Pandora or Last.fm better.
Players are not willing to admit they tackle incorrectly because that is all they know. Re-educating Coaches & Players is the only solution
Thanks for the advice, it's pretty miserable. Good luck down in Florida and speedy recovery. See you opening day.
We are too. We are actually staging the play right now.
::Sings:: "Becky's as sweet...as Tupelo hone....Becky's an angel, in the first degree..."
lol yes mam :) know about the collage??
Selfish mf I tell ya .
I had a very good birthday today love everyone
i told llike sophia and that groupp, the ppl that were around her was listeneing so they knew!
Thank you!!!! Really kind of you to say.
#supersizeme documentary makes me NEVER wanna eat out ever again.
Bitch be cool!
Thanks to #mketweetup for allowing us to play host tonight. So great to see everyone again. :)
Did you log out of your account and re-login in your account? Sometimes refreshing cache or restartin' will work.
hahhahahha bo :( love you too <3
When you get treated like shit.. sometimes you feel like shit.
Isn't it awesome and sad all at once?
just tweeted the new vid! Call me maybe is next on our list!! :)
what u think about otto's game tonight
did you cry to last nights grays??
Why cant people stop hatimg on othwrs its not that hard to love others like u do ypurself!!!!!!:)be humble this is wut god wants
Love the Pics of Manning throwing, I can't believe he's a Denver Bronco..
OMG! My hubby has dimentia...sprinkled w/ Alzheimer's! SMH! I said I will call you in 48 hrs. #URNOTNEGLECTEDSTOOGE :-)
After school hoops with me or open gym tonight with Coach Wilson. Go to AT LEAST one.
Q4 Information-sharing tweets = good. Pay-attention-to-me tweets = annoying.
Show tonight at City Tavern (1402 Main Street) in Dallas! We go on at 9:00! We would love to see you guys out. Spread the word
Whitney's Church home going service is so moving, I've been crying since it started.
Whew, a bit hot for a seven mile walk along the canal, but we did it anyway.
thinking if I should try to get my followers up...yeah I could do that
Got One Direction's new album in the mil today. Now i shall blast my music till midnight :D
860+ people say they are going. I am launching a drawing for an iPod Touch at the event. Tweet me when you get there.
I must have been a bastard in my last life
Awesome, have fun!
thanks bro.
Yeah, I've been doing that too, but to day i just filled up and cost me $54! AHH
close isn't there
I'm starving. Bring me a dorito taco plzzzz
I've never had a burning desire to get a tattoo. Right now I want one. Of what, you may ask. I have no idea. would be proud.
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people in the entire world: :) Miss you, Nate. x
Too many lame people in my lane people!
Liz Lemon of 30 Rock sees herself as Beauty pageant winner/Jedi Master. Tiara, dress,bouquet and LIGHTSABER! I love that damn show
Yum. I am sassified.
Just found out that u are awesomee!
I have been immersed in new heat seekers are all amazing
I'm really feeling this Steampunk thing!!
May La Forge be with you!
on mi mind #teambreezy at all times
Shuga on both lips before work :) <U+0001F60F>
im headed to nyc this weekend. Which is a shame as I'll miss the next bit where the apes with sticks bully everyone else.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
You can<U+2019>t survive if you can<U+2019>t persuade someone to engage with you. What behaviors are you trying to elicit?
RT : #atlwomen Provide free services as a way to build credibility.
Lots to do!! Never taking another Sunday off!!!
Call your Mom, even if you are not talking, haven't talked, or don't want to talk. Make peace with her today. Life is short.
#Celtics game iops play a stirring U2 "Where the Streets Have No Name" on May 10, Bono born May 10, 1960. HBDay to one of the greatest.
yup! already started saving for a firearm!
And you really call yourselves my friends
lmfao, oh :p
I had prob the best night ever, couldnt get any better then this :) #LikingHer :)
woohoo!! Thanks so much :)
Thanks Guys!
I'm so glad I won't have to read 100 posts today saying "May the 5th be with you".
Former #HoustonDynamo Ricardo Clark scores in the 98th minute to win the match against Venezuela 1-0! #USMNT. Congrats to !!!
It was you. Hahaha. Still a Barca and Messi fan! Did you see the Juventus/Roma game from today? Two goals-first 10 minutes by Juv
Loves Saturday - Can I get a standing O for the weekend please?? Thank you!!
the kickstarter campaign was not as successful as hoped for, but BACK TO LAST NIGHT is back on track and better than ever
Playing The End tonight with DocHoneyPunch/Scott Revey. Gonna get funky.
long car rides make for interesting conversations
that's funny cause I remember watching you when I WAS in high school. > As a wise man once said. "Kiss my Ass"!
How many student photographers & filmmakers do we have following us?
I had more a problem with freeman last night than Marshall its definitely not tight.wasnt expecting a problem at right back too.
awesome! God bless you!
Excellent point about the housing market. What a clusterfuck that is / continues to be.
Personal wellness: Marissa is walking us through some pilates-based stress relief posture changes we can all make every day.
I wonder how authentic we are in this medium. I wonder how authentic I am. It's so easy to share only the best parts of myself.
no I don't!
Anthony J. D'Angelo We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.
If anyone wanted to put ins co's out of biz, they'd have passed public option or single payer. Too late for that, maybe someday
Thanks for the tweets!
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day, it gets your metabolism moving- Grab a shake and get moving.
Its nice this morning
what special dishes will you showcase at #MamasDay2012?
Rt <U+201C>: be around." Fam, I'm in the clouds!
If you're dumb enough to get caught once... You probably should stop NOW.
happy to help coach!
Shore HAPPY Line NEW Drive YEAR!!!!
I'm a Man Girl. "I do 85 mph from the Poconos with a miniature Pincher in my lap I'm a Man Girl."
finally fixed google chrome!
Sick day in bed is ok when you have to watch! Addicted? Yes. <3
Got any models of Renewable Porfolio Standards (RPS) in the States stand out in being most effective?
#hiring Outside B2B #Sales Reps in the #Tampa & #Vero Beach area 1+yrs. quota driven sales exp. send resumes to !!
Is that the same as "I"? RT : You could be generous and round them up to a solid "F" from a "Not Even Worth My Time".
who is ray bates?
Aye yoooo Dont forget. This Sat. 9pm Is the kickoff show for on 60mins of Clubmusic.Hosted by
Venus and Mars.
word.. saw that.. #holygeez sounds like a party
Gotta love half days at work. Hello weekend!
<U+201C>: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE<U+201D> what?
Happy Holidays to all! Enjoy!
Another 3 for #Mizzou. This is not looking good for the Jayhawks. If this beomes a 3point contest, Mizzou will win big.
CLASSIC after school TV programming right there!!!!!!!!!!!!
Promoted to Lead Esthetician at Massage Envy Spa in Hermosa Beach. My team is awesome!
GROOVESECT at the Maple Leaf tonight!!!
How can U be ready 4 the end of the world? Seems 2me we been monkey-ing round this whole time, like we ready any no way how
At lunch with mom and sister...dad stepmom and brother randomly walk in.
I know right, and last year for us 2011-ers? Been pretty sweet for the last two years!
Hey back at ya! Lol I'm good
See you at the Kickoff Party? RT Heading to Indy tomorrow for the Championship. I'll be the one wearing red.
It'll never get old not in my soul,my spirit will keep it alive
I'll give it a try. Still feels like weird concept to read a book on iPhone.
13-1, finally no more undefeated talk.
Zimmerman's attorney is the "cowardly liar" just like his "lying" hiding client.
Having a blast with and all the gals at the Chino air show!
It's all about takin risks! And I am not going stop until makes the pain of balls and follows me!
Good preparation can look like prophecy in retrospect.
Thanks for the follow Are you a Steelers fan?
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 1 | Vendita ...
Not looking forward to the 2:30 alarm.
I can hear these men's voices way to clearly to pee comfortably in this bathroom.
Me: YAAAAAY, GERMANY'S IN 's POLL. wait, hold on, berlin's too far away.
What if the boys' come out of our posters,and just chill and watch tv and right before you wake up jump back into the posters.WAKE ME UP BRO
Congratulations on your 700th appearance! You did it as you do everything with class and great results. You painted a beauty!
I am pretty irritated.
Thanks for tip 2 pre-check my luggage! Saved about $20!!
I the lobby of a restaurant. 4 pairs of brown Uggs & there's me with my adorable patten hounds tooth sperry topsiders. Everyone is jealous.
I love you Jess. You're amazing. I wish i could talk, hug, kiss, and smile at you everyday, all the time. I feel really bad.
I got you bro with summer coming around I'll find the time for real
Real talk.
Hunt: lesson 2 is to question stereotypes, always.
I've Been Fucking Up Lately.
happy birth day mom I love u and at the end when your done reading think about everyone that loves and want u to get better luvu
no I'm not afraid
Great game!! 1 Thessalonians 5:18~give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus
Love your #KOREHLA reading program.
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I WILL CRY <3
Aahhh we played, sir.
So much to do this evening! Do work son! Gotta get that FUEL in real quick though! Dinner time!
Omg. Do i wanna know? RT : do you know what tunas' made out if? ;o RT <U+201C>: Gonna go eat tuna. Cuz itz skinny ppl food.<U+201D>
The reality is - no one would abuse a Mac like that ;)
So it's not just about moving important stuff to Page 1 -- people will read on if it's presented clearly.
the package has been delivered. Left with Cara (?)
no way! I could've sword she's like 16
any comparisons between #SeattleSonics and OKC should NEVER be made---
can I forget U?
Stabilize Mineral Deficiencies
John Waters, John SWmaters! More novel would be a good-looking-woman-in-Baltimore sighting.
Looking for the sun through the clouds! I'm snuggling back into bed. The sun is always there you just have to see it in your heart :o)
Looking forward to working with you!! RT fab meeting with great clients and Devin from !
Omg I've never favorited and retweeted so many tweets from a user in such a short time span than I have with
thank u I most def will! Back on sat. Girl we need to find good Persian food when I get back! :)
good looking fellows, if only the spoke as well as they looked
These international students kill me quit walking down the street that's what a side walk is for
Yep! The old Reunion Rowdies are so sad at the current day ticket holders (generally speaking, of course).
Good Morning Twitter :) Can I get some bbk?
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
RT At 33 #Julia was walking on a beach with Obama. These footprints mark where he carried her.
I think I need to borrow a stand mixer!
I'm sure was thrilled to be photographed in front of that masterpiece of awkwardness!
Rove says "I wouldn't compare (Barack Obama) to a pig" & Republicans must be respectful while trying to unseat president
just saw love Beatles circ in Vegas such memories great show I wonder tho if John would of approved
Damn with i could watch
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
Is Charles Jenkins for real? Having quite the game.
I use
Sorry...how is a taco wrapped in a Dorito crappy? Besides the fact that its going to cause me to crap?...
pointless fights <<<<
Uncle Tom said what again?
you are truly beautiful and an inspiration to a lot of people everywhere :) <3
Thanks, Mark!
yes I actually saw that in the Sun Times...dropping like flies.
Happy easter!!!
send it to
Who should the Yankees name as their #2 starter, Kuroda or Pineda?
Danke! Are you still attending the conference?
dang i feel bad yup had to send him home hes a raider fan too lol i love it hes going home to put on a bronco shirt he better if he wants $
Holla at me scribble we wAna film U for a reality show in the life of scribble
So sorry i missed your Birthday,it looked like it was a lot of fun. Happy Belated Birthday Sophia. I hope you fun with mum&dad
Lol... The awkward moment when you pull your blankets up and punch yourself in the face.
"F.I.N.A.L.S. aka Fuck I Need Alcohol Later"
Looking forward to seeing how #AngelPunk and Mara's scooter evolves in future issues.
2 weeks in a row with great sales at Water St. Keep it comin' Milwaukee, we appreciate your business
thanks For your patronage. Go Red Bulls!!!
Writing my first song in a while. Life, and love can be very inspiring.
no i wont nobody likes me at school and in my socal life :[
HA HA HA
Ooh I want to know more about this!
Listening to #HaterWednesday on
We all try - the girls try - the boys try - women try - men try - you and I try - we all try.
Free tune and $1.99 album on Google music. Go get it!
There is a man audibly spittin' "What's Beef?" on the Amtrak. I almost joined in.
how do I find out more information about freelance writing?
I usually love Mike Birbiglia, but I really didn't get into this too much. ah well.
Excellent. We look forward to it. Likely it will be right here at our office, but we'll say for sure later this week.
Whew, just used a #foamroller for the first time. It was a little sexy!
rad! I'll have to check that out next
Mr. Hand's history class > Tebow
Agreed: looks like Steven held his own! (Nice RL duds.) What's next? Why not The Amazing Race for you two?
Awesome AGT promo ..thanks for posting for us! Can't wait!
Kick some Butt this week and get 4th place. and win that FA Cup
#FF ~~> has me rollin' on the Disney movie rants today. Legit LOL!
Mary Marshall Clark: Today we see the incredible power of the witness in imagining a world where we can act not just respond.
so full
First stop in the Midwest is St. Louis. Come out for a great show at !!
Couldn't be angrier.
Studying sucks.
I wanna go to bed but I have to wait for my nails to dry
I have to say ... I love the Palmer PDI-03 Speaker Simulator. It is just the best.
Biked to work for the first time. Definitely going to have to invest in the nearby cyclists shower/locker/bike security station.
Is tired of the heat here so I'm going on vacation to phoenix. At least it will be a different heat and I will be golfing.
Barrett lies right out of the box! Say he won't be beholden to outstate special interests. Unionistas don't count?
ConcordSoap fans: tweet with #mysbc & let them know why they should feature our small biz...and why you can't get enough of us!!
I miss you :(
If you need any help using TaskStream, please do not hesitate to contact us at 800.311.5656.
How do you teach passion?
...maybe ill do something weird with it and enter it in specialty if its too smokey. not sure about the meeting yet.
Hey girl, I have a question for ya! I'm trying to take a picture of my nieces...One has a purple dress, other one a red dress...
Its almost 5 and I havnt gotten out of bed yet.
Shout to all of #BBN, we broke the record number of visits on our website for 1 day. Thanks to all of our followers. Go Cats!
Interesting in raising money for SEA and Eastside groups and charities? We may have the answer.. Email Subj Charity
Dog lost on Greenway trail is safe and sound at home!
can u please give hugs to leonard hugs for me and tell him to activate his twitter!!!!!!! Lol i love him
they were 20x even better live!!
Saif, what is the latest in your home search?
Way to look out for your sister and Happy Birthday Carpe Diem both of you!
When I get ready to cry, God always ask me "why"?
Mr. Cao Goes to Washington, then Life Without Principle I think. Then done? Really?
I FEELS YOU ON THAT .
damn I don't recall any of the this action! ^_^
How do you tell a good monster from a bad one? If it's a good one you will be able to talk about it later!
Awesome team meeting in Mukilteo, those are going to be weekly from now on! Meeting in Kirkland with a colleague. Love networking! :)
A3: Remember "old" conversations are searchable...nothing is lost, sometimes not even when you delete it. Recruiter may read stream!
Rain City West Printing will be closed December 25th-December 28th. Happy Holidays!
how did you get that cartoon avi pic frm it cool plz let me know
OMG IM REGISTERED!!! FINALLY!!!!! lol my username is GRANDerzluver4lifee ! ~RebeccaFusco
your string of lights are still bright to me. who you are is not where you've been. <3
So excited about GS and LG being here in TWO DAYS!!! House is a wreck but I no longer care. I'm shooting for at least clean dishes!
tell that suga daddy of yours to spot you ;) haha
I wonder how many times MySpace Tom has contemplated suicide.
Words of wisdom from the Leadership Freak: "Impatient leaders say let<U+2019>s do something. Wise leaders say, "Let<U+2019>s become something".
Because it has a limit babe -.- lmao shut up!
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at KLUSOZ... & at PEPPER.
Ill never change, this is always me
#SilverSpring, Ravioli & Lasagna sound good? Stop into Mama Lucia on 4/26. 25% of your bill will support
YOU'RE IN NY?!
That's still pandering/PC. If it's genuine it's called "being considerate" :P
How tragic would it be if I accidentally stepped on my niece's #JustinBieber CD? I'm glad she loves music but I'm DYING over here!
Lol yeah. My 2nd block teacher is scary lol. So I wld defenitly not have it on lol
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jackson Everhart <U+2070>Rising 9th <U+2070>Fort Collins, CO <U+2070>Travel Team: Fever Black <U+2070>Small Forward 6<U+2019>2
Talk to us. We talk back. -zach
CHICAGO!! CHICAGO! My mission is to win those tickets for May 30th.. You're the shit :)
I choose love, passion, & extreme faith in a pre-destined plan for my life! I also choose to deeply care for teenagers-tough wrk
599 calories above sea level>>>>>
And right now, if I move to twice per week, I'd still have a lot of May covered...
TO THE WINDOW TO THE WALL TILL SWEAT DRIPS DOWN MY BALLS!! ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL! AWWW SKI SKI MOTHER FUCKER<3
congrats on the new show!
aw. good luck, dear.
michelle gets embarassed, obviously she has the humility her other half is missing
Glad you enjoyed it, pretty tough ending though :) I don't know if I could live with just a head LOL
Tonight's message from my yogi tea bag tag: "Say it straight, simple & with a smile." =)
yo shut up
is that good, bad or indifferent?
God Morning :)
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job.
lol well we will talk about it more when I come back! :)
Life is unbearable, unbelievable, unexpected, undervalued, unappreciated, unpredictable, underrated, uncomfortable, unenjoyable, unreliable
im gon send my bestfrann off to prom in 10 mo days
I need rock n roll beats I sing
Anyone else having sluggish computers since yesterday's Window update?
total people and checking yes, but none of the venue manager data points.
I feel like fuckin! Who's down?! :D
Happy Saturday everybody! How are you gaming this weekend? Console? PC? Handheld? Tablet? Smartphone? Virtual Boy?
Thanks for the mention! Call 804-421-HVAC for 33% off standard maintenance
Took a little hiatus from this account to focus on getting up and running. But I'm back! Hope ya'll didn't miss me too much
why am i awake right now!!!! hsshgsgakabdkocuywgosbx gaiakhsfqraoxb
Making salmon and talapia and veggies & a night in with movies, nail painting, hair dye & cuddling.
It's so beautiful outside...should be perfect for later!!
Happy Valentine's Day! xoxoxo.....
Picture time
So we thought this might be a fun opportunity for etiquette training... :):) everyone had a blast
This is a great rdg list of DH as a topic; I'm looking to swap ideas for dh assignments in other content classes (eg, 18th c)
Back in the office. Received two boxes of scarves for our rescuers. Scarves will be mailed in Sept. If you knit or crochet do knit a scarf.
Just booked flights to Tulsa for a spring wedding with Who knew it was so expensive to fly to Tulsa?
no because it's the proper name of the product..that's how they spell it. :-)
not looking forward to working a double tomorrow. /=
Shogun Lunch!
"I must get back to work, but first I<U+2019>ll look at the clock and imagine where he is." Schulyer via the oracle.
I'd catch a grenade for ya, remove the pin, and throw it back
ah.. I got 2 cats. sorry. hope the lil guy gets better.. whats wrong?
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right. ~Henry Ford
I'm attempting to fill out my web time sheet and I can't freaking remember my password. The one written down is wrong dammit. Frustrated.
pls let me know what responses you get to this. Yes I'm awake
im the devil backwards so u kno that i lived it
I know!!! I can't wait to hear the stories. I've not pumped for too much info during the breaks this AM.
#FavoritePrideSlogans When Did You Choose Heterosexuality?
Theres a lot of great football games on this weekend! Stop by and watch your team on our high def screens. SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG.
Thank YOU for your support. It truly means a lot to us. :)
will pm you soon!
I got me 2 new tires from Discount Tires talked them boyz down. I'll get the other in 2 weeks. Not gone let them boyz break me like that
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Just saw a fight between a union ironworker and a guy who was claiming he used to be. The union guy had 10 of his buddies ready to jump in.
Its freezing!!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
New Madison descriptor circulating: "40 square miles of democracy ...."
Good night beauties.
I need a Lizzie sesh soon.I have lots on my mind,and you are the best to talk to.i can't wait for our next skype date.
Im a lebron fan
wanted to send you some love!!! Looking forward to hearing all about the big day!!!!! Xo, your friends at Priscilla of Boston!
New post by Hamilton over at the The Highlights! www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
What happens when you forget your brand while designing your #twitter #avatar?
French class makes me happy
How come no one is bringing up or finding anyone that has said they've heard braun takes peds or has seen him do it?
Another hideous day in paradise.
then I'd say go for it! It's definitely worthwhile.
Not feeling so good, but I still want to finish one more piece tonight. Upcoming craft fairs & art sales are good motivation to create!
What a weekend. Did not sleep much at all but my heart is full. Dogs rule, they love and trust everyone even when people fail them.
BVEN Boutique is making Valentine Jewelry for your honey!~ Pick your piece(s), or select from our beads and we will custom make yours.
Congrats to my boy on his ROY award, kid deserves it!!
RT : To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on. <U+2665>
you're sneaky :p
I think all parents and educators should read the book, "Montessori Madness."
So true. Had a great burger when I went, though. The one with country ham on it. M.
I'll beat the pussy up up up up up up
I like my wallpaper
Robert Todd Lincoln
Water always has trace amounts of urine it in. It's a good thing for you all that I piss excellence.
RT : Of Broncos' 53-player roster plus 8-player practice squad (61 total), 31 are new this year.
I love my doggy! Seriously when i wake hes their next to me licking my elbow lol :D
welcome too Indiana pacers barbosa !!!! Excited too have you on our team :)
That just makes me go harder, taking it all in yes yes :)
Ha Ha You know it! Giants are elite
I hate when your washing your face and you feel like someone's behind you. .___.
My dad almost died yesterday #Diabetes&only 1person helpd him..I know my God is an #AWESOME God&I have not stop thanking Him for His mercy!
TWITTER NAME IDEAS FOR ME GOO
Last Saturday off in the history of my job in San Francisco. Going to enjoy this beautiful day and get shiz done.
you would tag me in that one haha what about the functional blackout
Why is the Ninja Turtle walking around with a Michael Jackson glove on today?!? o_0
he looks like ronald McDonald....?!!!
hey! I'm like sec away from seeing barry manilow
Each campaign will have a chance to review every single ballot. At any time, a given ballot can be challenged. Line up the lawyers.
so ready! Spring Formal 2012 get ready for us! ;)
RT : I'll be there. Team's ramping up for #SxSW and to come back to Seattle pulling triggers. Excited to network...
let me know what you think!
agree MT "New Black Panthers" aren't exactly making things better. A "bounty" on Zimmerman? Didn't this start with vigilantism?
DON'T GO IN THE HOUSE (1980) -- So much sympathy for an evil psycho it hurts. The most depressing horror to feature a disco makeover scene.
I'll keep checking your site for NY dates or of course if/ when I'm out in L.A. so feel free to harass me to buy tix :)
who the fuck is anyway?
no thank you
Again, I model my life after the three C's: Canadian Club and Copenhagen.
for Founders event : Happy #PCBW everyone! With so many events to choose from, which are you starting with today
Bummer day has turned into bummer night.
hey sh*t head, shut your mouth and do something productive with your time. what you're doing right now is BS and you know it.
I feel the same way Lol
Red, white or blue --- which patriotic color is your favorite fashion color?
What Happen To Jerking That Used To Be The Shit..! #You'reAJerk
good article. Hope all is well with you and the hubby. Enjoying CA I'm sure. I know I would be.
Did i read that correctly, or does anyone give a fuck?
I think forgot what date we set for Tennis!!
On the road to MA, listening to Dora the Explorer.
What a gorgeous March day!
did u chose the wrong emoji!
Lol. It's ma first tweet in this account! Luv yaa !! You are my role model. :]
yes cuz u wont get off ur electronics for more then 2 seconds unless its to fuck
I know!
why does technology have to be so difficult
RT : #gsmc = Global Social Media Chat - 9pm EST Tues. Join us. G+ review & content generation. Open to all!
I can already feel the tears coming down my face.
That boy sang that damn song. Woo!
taking it easy tonight - I'm doing the GMAT tomorrow AM. I'll prolly be up 4 something tomorrow night if you're around
Making great strides on "Explore Fulton Market". This year's event Saturday, May 12th noon-5pm!
please no BBW's, OT on weekends, HOlidays and even some traveling is required, ideal candidate is able to recruit others
doesnt live anywhere near there . (: we were In school .(Tejeda middle school) and she said we could walk to his house..
Nice shot, Paige. We dig the LV storefront, too.
That's what I think (Hope) about the Colts HC search too -- "Stealth candidate".
I could use the volunter hours for scholarships.
Haha, love the name of the song.... Hope to see more from you all soon!
I had them muddled into a mojito yesterday at alchemy, which was delicious! They are also great in a chutney....
I tried calling Jenny, but I didn't know her area code. 867-5309, ha now you have it stuck in your head!
Mariners, yeah.. but how bout that Cespedes bomb?
That cow appears to be blowing exhaust into its defuser
I had to keep a record for posterity. And it took place during our brief nightly phone time, I promise :)
Working on my new shorfilm! And this time a might have a producer and a production company onboard!
Colima Linda Apartments.... Spacious apartment homes....... Stop in or call today.... 858.279.7410
no you don't :p
Happy Birthday bro!
T.G.I.F! CHICAGO LOOP OFFICES! Order your Monday Office Cake in the next 30 mins! And get FREE delivery! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
not sure where they found it but i will let her know that I need another one and ask if she can get two then i can send to you.
never fear... Your will be done
Damn I love my close potna sister slash mentor at this Ty love u girl let's get this money nigga!!!
I promise to be a little faster on reading them, I've been traveling down a wrong road and trying to find the Uturn sign
I see great things ahead for you my dear!
N I got it smellin goo
Man, I hate being sick.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. ~Aristotle Onassis
Never gonna happen
Almost time. Couldn't be more excited
Thanks for the follows today!
Long day today omg I feel so great bout how relaxed I am...
Thanks for sharing your Python PPT. As an absolute beginner, I found them helpful.
Rowing. But first must extricate myself from the pile of snuggling animals.
Stutz Artists Open House this weekend. Yeah, it's happening.
Lol You Good ( Smiles )
I like to touch stuff up high and stand on top of things to be taller. TOWER OF BLOOD
Waiting for the Red Dress collection with
good morning austin(:remember no matter what, you're always loved and supported by your friends, family, and your mahomies <3
The Next To You version with ONLY Chris Brown is so much better <333
u already no boi im gettin it
Here's the deal: be open to life.
is super excited about this tournament. Yall should see him. He has the bracket on deck & all. We're definitely on the same page.
who are you
AKA UNCLE SWIZZLE NOW WORKS FOR A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY. based IN LA ATTN: PROMOTERS, SERIOUS INVESTERS if you're looking to bo<U+2026>
Using stick mics while sitting at a desk bothers me
you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
Glenn Beck wrote a book called Arguing With Idiots? Odd that he would give the opposition tips on how to deal with him.
Thanks so much for RT... much appreciated!
We hold fast to the things in a storm, which are most likely to blow away- and yet we neglect to wear sunscreen, on a bright and sunny day
see you at the Yelp event
thanks for the RT, Matthew!
A win is a win. Go !
Where in East Cincy area can I watch the #Packers every week? I really miss my team. Locally shown #NFL games not worth watching.
Keep it moving
#FF goes out to today. Excellent, comprehensive blog for #inhouse counsel managed by former #GC in #tech field.
You know you're getting old when you catch yourself thinking that the trees used to be smaller
dog tired. no pun intended.
I'm SO excited, London then a train ride to Paris! I'm spending 13 days in Europe :)
The World Health Day Twitter chat will continue.
Oh my Wiltjer just got posterized!
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Have Sex In Dha Corner Where Nobody Is!
No problem, anytime!
No sir. Hopefully next week
Is it bad that my immediate reaction to Beckett's 1-2-3 inning was, "Damn, no one can boo that"?
what? That seems like the most relaxing class hahaha!! I want a yoga class!
How do you hate the Twins? That is like hating kittens. Next month I go to Cubs/CWS w/ a Nats fan and a Twins fan.
so let's have them fight and whoever wins is better
: How is the event coming along?
"Your games? Dont play that. Your bullsh*t? Wont take that. The sorries? I've heard that. Mistake? You made that Excuses? Eh Just save that<U+201D>
Monday Monday! It can be our rest day since moat salons are closed Monday... BUT, we have to finish preparing for the coming week.
I don't know :| she's not tweeted for a full day!<U+2665><U+2665>
I'm doing pretty good. How is your day so far?
Hi! It's Dawn Christie. Maybe you didn't recognize the handle but I am following you! :)
I need to catch Soul Rebels at bon tons soon... I literally live 3 blocks away!
Fucking bitch I know I'm ugly thanks for the reminder....
always a win
Please turn Notifications OFF
The worst part about online shoe shopping is there is now an ad featuring black pumps on the side of every serious news article I read.
#ifonlyicould talk to austin mahone of get him to notice me <3
I heard he was at a market district
And here I am Tumbling pictures of kittens, food and One Direction.
thanks Alan, best read ever on a delayed Bart train--made my morning!
Aww, well thk you sunshine, and ditto! We love your smiling face!!
Today would be a great day on Lake Nokomis up in the Northwoods of Wisconsin, am longing for a boat ride.
hey guys!!<U+E415>
Can't wait to learn how to make smarter food choices at the Saint Mary's grocery store tour this Thurs., July 21. For info, call 770-7100.
we're at madam's organ now!! Come to us!!
Great post on Black Friday tweets - just published at Hope you do another one next year!
I know! Thanks! Not a pug - but sometimes things are just meant to be. He's an island-born boy. Cavalier KC.
I'm petrified..how did this happen
When I look at the new computer renderings of LHC collisions, I long for the old, beautiful "bubble chamber" dancing sub-particles.
Could be worse; could be videotapes. RT : The only book that breaks into the top ten most checked-out items at our library...
..new kids on the block had a bunch of hits; chinese food makes me sick ;)
Final Destination-athon on FX... #screenwriting research??
waiting on to get home so we can celebrate her 21st!
Making a list of future personal and business webinars I will be doing a couple times a month.
You're welcome! ^^
my bday is coming up! I might just have to order a pair of these. I have heard nothing but good.
Disney Fantasy Cabin 6014 - Handicapped Accessible Category 08A - grab bars for showers
Just Tried the new Ilike Yogurt power peel, raw, organic and seriously effective. What's your favorite skincare recipe?
just gonna sit back, relax with a tall glass of lemonade, and write this graduation speech.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Watched the 1st movie trailer of a college course.
At the pizza pit, #FIU has 1 fan here
I Wanna Party and Dance and get high off of the ectacsy that's come with it ^.^
Dear your back massages are the reason I can come to work. You're the best
With all of this champagne celebration talk, how long until we hear the story of the under-agers during the UWM celebration?
Least cool athlete?
You are not helping! ;)
i hate camilla so much she stupid Gia is the best rock it girl and fuck these bitches up when you have too
so cute
Having the most horrible night
I'm so ready for summer! 10 more weeks until freedom!
GangstaPlaya143 RT : what's your aim??
Let your people work from home, the increased productivity will amaze you. I allow my team a wide berth in this regard -...
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 19
Doing good Chris - thanks for the follow!
I wanna go to Neon Desert
dude, that Anthony Evans can saaaaannnng! Wow, thanks for the knowledge!
omg thats so sad follow? reply?
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. - George Carlin
NAME THE LYRICS: if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke
Blizzard conditions require drastic measures...home-made chocolate chip cookies and chicken stew
I have to work til 5:30 today. Any chance you'll be open after 6pm? Or will I need to wait until next wkend?
I'm not calling you a liar, Just don't lie to me.
ugh!!! Lol he can't even create his own shot let alone have a decent jumper....plus he's undersized for a sf
I never thought I'd like the gym as much as I do...they have mirrors everywhere. I'm one narcissistic fuck.
i think i am going delirious ahhaa
It is #tacotuesday, after all.
I agree 100 percent. The Internet boom and Enron debacle highlight why this doesn't work.
Monday Madness<U+2013>Today only! Get 50% off of any glass of wine with purchase of any food item (excludes happy hour)...
N seeing me!! When u goin!? RT : Florida is all Im lookin foward to this summer
damn how u doin anyway
aw actually I had to make the tough decision to cancel that talk. I'm doing MuseumNext in Barcelona instead. Do hope to meet!
I'm looking forward to seeing #TheHobbit w/ its 48fps. Anything that will cram more information into my brain than it can handle is ok w/ me
A few of our Miriam's Studio artists have work in this week's issue of Pick up your copy from a vendor today!
no but I love kiwi sounds yummy
If the world doesn't end on December 21st, I have a feeling a lot of babies will be born September 2013.....
GLOBE &amp; MAIL: Mercer International Abandons Battle For Fibrek
Haha well thank you!
The lockout has provided me with a game almost every single night. Worth the wait.
I good in bed listening to the radio.
tonights interview on NIGHTWATCH has been canceled and will be rescheduled for October.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Penguins captain Sidney Crosby will return Thursday night to face the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
are you in L.A?
Salud! : Arriba! Tequila gracias. Viva Cinco de Mayo! (translation: our child just fell asleep).<U+201D>
<U+0001F448> A true #TeamMayweather fan <U+0001F44F>
could your boss call my boss.
Tryna get windows 7 on my mac to get on my
Is it? Why is that? Do you mean for students who don't know the language?
hi there! The team would love to connect in Austin if you're around!
"I want a snowfall kind of love - The kind of love that quiets the world." ::ingrid michaelson::snowfall::
Another great event last night at Blu!
ok, let me get a glass of water and get to typing...I have less than an hour..
Love, Laugh and Live, goodbye my little sunshine. I miss you.
Cheesecake factory!!!
woohoo! Can't wait to see everyone! It's gonna be a trip lol
Oh an you're the only 1 over there I've told, I'm not ready to be judged yet LoL an I dont want some skank stealing my idea!
Maybe the LRAD is what we get for decades of shitty basement shows
The best leaders serve out of love.
going to this weekend
wow. I will have to check it out
they both rocked but it was the OMG girls that won
Why did you unfollow me :(
omg im having that right now too please follow me
*shakes head*....I'm good.
Omg my hubby made the best prime rib!! Fed the whole family on what one serving would've cost in a restaurant, and it tasted BETTER!
A Colin dark skin niggas wanna be like tyrese
We have the technology to make that happen.
I'm up early getting ready for an open house!!!
Saw Lupe Fiasco perform.. for free. Fantastic night! <U+0001F44D>
There was an NFL game last night? WTF, where the hell was I?
T2: Other than Halmaka's post, have there been any objections from hospitals to the AHA letter?
Cocaine is God's way of saying you're making too much money. -Robin Williams
Man<U+2026> might have to hunt down a few #mxpx cds
I want a love like that...
RT Yes! #ivotedyes ": DONT FORGET Vote YES for the #SAGAFTRA merger #oneunion Send your ballot in today."
Welcome back to those who left! Madtown Munchies has resumed school year hours of 6pm-2:30pm Sun-Thurs and 6pm-4am Fridays and Saturdays.
the early sunsets don't help either!
Coworker: You act?, Me: Yes., Coworker: Did you have to makeout?, Me: Not while I was acting, but I've made out with other actors...
in in Memphis but Nastyville for the weekend lol
mr .know it all think u know it all but dont know a thing at all hahahahhaha luv ya cuzin <3
It's Sunday!
I totally appreciate and love your trip posts. You'll be changed forever, as I was. Enjoy the journey!
THANK YOU for all you do DF and staff to help those in the cancer fight!!!! LOVE all you guys and GREAT to see everyone!!! :)
Dear London, prepare to Black Up!
OMG your hair is amazing!!!
Omg I hate emptying the dishwasher <U+0001F612>
'Cosponsor' Facebook app would be amazing if it was a real open engagement tool and not just a PR piece for Cantor.
Did I hear a "cool Flash site" mention?
what did it say??
don't bother wasting my time.
MY DAMN #CYDIA IS ACTING UP IT SAYS "probably a dependency cycle"ANY ADVICE???? PLS HELP I NEED IT!!!!!
Owen is napping so I'm FINALLY getting around to watching the Michael Jackson episode of Glee. LOVE!
SO EXCITED FOR NEW ALBUM OUT TODAY NOTHING ELSE MATTERS NOT EVEN DIABLO 3 BYE
let's do lasagna and garlic bread at my place tonight. offered to make it. Should be delicious.
#Thatmomentwhen a song describes exactly how you feel!!<3
Happy Mother's Day to the best lady in the world my Mommy !!!.
So the story has hiccups and suffers from cinematic ADD but the voice acting and physics are the reason #MaxPayne is one great experience.
will u ever be in the Memphis area??!!!??!!??
come after a girl most important to me, i will come after you. come after me because of a girl most important to me, and i will destroy you.
Lot's of MA consumers not happy with 250 biz cards #FREE LIE. Be sure to send complaints to or
for some ppl the elevator only goes down. I hope I don't fall in that category.
happy national siblings day you too >_< & btw you still never got me anything for my birthday...
Thanks for the #FF! , , , *love* to be stalked, keep spreading the word!
Today's Lunch Feature: Smoked Garlic braised pulled pork Philly w/ red peppers, onion, provel Soup: Butternut Squash
huge congrats to getting 3 million WMYB views. <3 they deserve it. Now they just need 100k likes on facebook :) #support x
Fun words to know: Antonym.
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you, baby There'll be no clear skies if I lose you, baby
Tht lil boy need to sit his behind down
I will never ever ever forget this piece. I couldn't laugh, but that's what you'd expect, right?
With over 70 TacoTime Northwest locations, it should be easy for you to have a quick and healthy lunch on-the-go.
-doing #Crossfit for over a year! Before I ate what I wanted but now I am focusing on my diet and workout simultaneously.luv it!
Today Wine down thursdays!! $20 bottle of wine...come in and indulge the flavors we have to offer...
I wonder. A lot.
San Fran just banned the Happy Meal. Wait, What?
The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain. -Daniel Goleman
was going on
The warm weather clothes I'm wearing just happen to be red & white. I feel like a jackass today
You just do you
next weekend #itson #itson get the patron and tell em that its on
I dont think I have anything planned. That sounds good!
AT&T fail.
I downloaded So you should see my tweets now. Also, if I got the Nexsus S now it would be $400. So waiting till Jan.
yes thats right just like you mrs. right : )
you should make more videos with your friends, I think their names were...Sam and... I dont know the other one.Can u follow me?
lol we poppin bottles. U crazy!
Thats cool! I bet it's gorgeous:)
Aw, thank you so much. :) is that u in your icon?
probably b/c music is harder to describe in a meaningful way & we are now used to sound clips.
Lesson learned, being a math major: Let A,B <U+2282> {People} where talent(A) > talent(B) && hardwork(B) > hardwork(A) => Hiring peson B is better.
chris paul cooking
and me right?
poor bulls
To everyone who is celebrating #ANZACDay, may your day be field with grand remembrance and
paws up!
Oh, how much I heart Blue's Egg.
I wish feelings had an "on/off" switch.
Today, we are teaching our HIV-positive clients how to stay healthy during pregnancy!
get out of here!
sixflags with sarah and meg this summer #reunion #imgonnacry I miss them so much!
look at my last tweet
Cute new picture, Ms. Helen. Hope all is well with you, girl!
Gus Macker is not going well today
I must be pumped for the game tonight, I had one of my best workouts this morning...I just couldn't stop running!
#foodjustice is the piece of the food movement I'm interested in the most!
say Hello to my Kitty :)
going for a long run and then either going up to eat lunch with the boy and then going to American Apparel because they are going bankrupt!
Late to the party but loving "A Visit From the Goon Squad." A novel of nodes. Also made me put "Imagine" on my own list.
Yea but it takes alot to do! your a great person<3
Buon giorno puccettari !!!! We open at eleven ... Deliveries ... Happy hours tonight .... Open mic .... A lot of stuff ... It's a great day
I need to schedule some more tweets. :D
... no, we didn't. So I'm not even sure why he jumped in to our convo when we wern't talking to him?
Woah follows me 16 hours ago on a Tuesday
yep plus it's Friday so drinking is okay after 4pm
we now are connected in MULTIPLE ways.
lol I love her! She's hilarious
Spanish class sucks..
I have to say that I have occasionally watched the show myself. I actually prefer Charlotte over the other 3 girls.
#FunnierThanCordova 'Be kind, please rewind' stickers on a DVD.
Darn it Obama... took me twice as long to get through downtown Milwaukee just now.
yes and what's happening to a degree is those "silos" separating old skool ARG from other forms are breaking down...
I'm gonna be driving in that :p
Randal, this time they blogged expenditure of energy
Funny how regular citizens like us follow the law better than at lest some officers.
I would prefer to have a dick.
i love looking at Justin's profile and it saying follows you. its just amazing that he actually noticed my account for a min.
L train's fucked. Routing detour to maximize time/ability to read The Sugar Frosted Nutsack.
Just finished day 2 of "Plyocide". Holy hell I have literally never worked that hard in my entire life. Already hurting
My Soulmate,The Moon: Science of the Vampire on iTunes
that shit was to nasty cuz
I have to do two performances now? I prefer one. Its the Winter Showcase all over again.
uh oh...tell her I'm sorry
forreal though!! lets kick it soon! i think u still got my number right?
Current ID of the staging server? "Undried Umlauts"
Yes! Years ago this was par for the course. It only seems odd because of what we (fans/readers) now expect.
Lets go Heat!!!
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do". -Epictetus
you're welcome. my favorite LB song is "What Do You Know". Love the country-rock feel!
HouseWorks: Home decor on the cheap
Can we put you down for one of those next season once the shoulder heals?
hm not my fault
No prob! Take your time. I wont be launching any new content until the beginning of January.
Nfl weekend and the steelers are out this sucks
Aw ok ..glad u like the pic
Does anyone have a handle on how much Eurozone liquidity has found its way to our stock market the last few months pushing indexes higher
A very Happy Mother's Day to you, Janna!
when I say " your a Z hole" you say " you have a Z hole" kk hah
i'm surprised you were not on here earlier, gina. (if #2amt were Ninja Turtles, Bedard would be Michalanglo)
Hi Danny
Thanks, you rock! I'll be sure to use the form next time, sorry about that!
Just realized I won't see my Parkers tonight. Boo Oh well more time with
please follow me? :D heheheh i love you
This game is going to give my ass a heart attack lol
Dont give a F who the #Knicks play
word!! You willing 2 compete?
That was a quiet move, did anyone see Brewers picked up Takahashi Saito? One of the better relief pitchers in the game
hahaha it is :(
So that's why it's taking forever for me to download files...
Paul McCartney is getting married for the 3rd time this Sunday. That's the same day John Lennon would have turned 71.
couldn't agree more!
Great band they got for Backbeat, I'll give you that.
Just ordered 's cd
Merry #WW friends, stop by bin and try any of our wine flights for $10. Celebrate #WineWednesday to the max!!!
reminding folks to recycle fishing line, ribbon, and kite spring so the birds don't use them--and maybe get tangled--in their nests.
The most romantic thing I've ever told : "I'd cut open a tauntaun and put you in it if we were stranded on Hoth.
Omg I read 's mentions and holy shit!! They are so funny!! People are attacking them like crazy!! I LOVE IT!!!
#Nf Thanks for the Follow<U+0001F60A>
nigga get on fb now its important
Instead of generic "philosophy," describe specific examples of where you enact your approach to teaching
Wishing nails wouldn't love my tires so much.
i would love to give you a pair! (now that i'm working and i'm no longer a daddy's girl) :)
They say that good things take time, & really great things happen in the blink of an eye <3
I've only seen the aurora borealis once. Oddly enough, it was in my pants.
When you coming to Atl??
Studio all day!!
"You look tired" isnt it just a polite way for someone to tell you that you look like "sh!t."
omg yes please!!
Damn my nigga Rob! Smh. Ima create you a file so they'll know you're my lease when you come in tomorrow. I don't work
lol chill, I'm just recognizing the holiday
Season four, episode one of MAD MEN: first time we see Don fixing his hair. Moment felt a bit monumental to me.
What a great day!!! Dad hung out with us watching movies and gave us lots of treats!! Mom coming home soon with ice cream. Yeah....
I'm working at home.. igg :| x x
i think someone is playing with my shit!!!! lol
": The bumps are badges of honor. Every athlete hits a few bumps in the road..staying strong to come back strong!"
Louis is my new boyfriend...jk (;
These antibiotics are kicking my ass! #Drowzy&Dizzy
It looks fantastic as always. I can tell you've been working on it a long time. When do you think the final harvest will be?
stressful week starts from tomorrow!
Be joyful in #hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
Everybody + Some Watches Bad Girls Club.
Research then rehearsal today :)
Looking forward to this Saturday's plein air paintings!
Make that an exceptional professional. I;ve followed your career and no one does it better! AGT #1!
best younow ever
Gorgeous! Love the dress! :)
Ok...2nd self-care action of the day, turn off everything at 8 in order to sleep at 9. Night night twitterverse.
Of the 11 proposals, most include both golf and garden. Skate park is also popular.
it's ok my family does that too so i locked my door once cuz i was changing they yelled at me -.-
welcome to America.
Oh we've heard of the #LaJolla Half. Good luck on your run! :)
Going out with my girl (:
#WhenAGuy Walks You To Your Classes <3
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :)))
hey whats up
Fed her the mushroom!! Lol
Was it tonight? I'm sorry. I love almond butter.
tonight too I think. All 3 sold out!
hi How are you? I'm from los angeles, ca. You?
Mine: "monies" RT My favorite words in any city budget document: "other funds"
Got an idea for us? Send it over. We love hearing feedback. [Thank you, for sharing thoughts on how we can improve.]
NYC Printing 123's recent addition of balloon printing services is outstanding especially with the speed that they can be printed and...
Sadly, I was unable to attend (though I really wanted to go). I've perused the report.
you're still a sweetheart for doin all you do. =)
Carpe Diem! -advice from guy on corner
Yesterday at BBG was good to see in passing , , and in hanging out with etc.
So the first act of my teleplay is all in sotto voce.
ur beautiful!! Will u ever notice me and follow me? Idk xp
ditto I really hate him.
haha let me just throw you two
We Did It! Made #1 on Google for "Tucson Business Cards" and now occupy 3 out of 10 positions on page 1. Thanks Everyone
vaguest tweet ever.
A $250 fine for a 1st time violation of daytime #curfew in Chula Vista far exceeds the crime.
<U+201C>The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.<U+201D> - S. Covey (Thanks philo boy)
Great response so far. Thanks All!
Kind of bummed out. Will be listening at 5 pm.
@ 1526 North Fairfax Ave,hollywood 90046 , 10:15pm 2 hummer Limos pick us up and we have 4 bottles at kress rooftop. Pls wear RED and BLACK
I miss harry potter.
she told me Thursday she's in all my classes
Not just cuz I got it, Cuz I want to, that makes all the difference.
what's up with that fat fine you go today????
Why the hell would I not want 2 eat the cake? Am I supposed 2 stare @ the shit? Ladies, I GET wht u wanna say...but say somethin else damnit
Where do you go when you're lonely? I'll follow you.
Social Media CRM, Social Media Dashboard & Social Media Visualization - Tools to help see how people are engaging with your org
Mental Note when one starts to feel like crud again.... shower
I passed, but it was not easy & I can hear people speaking french & still don't know! I should take Spanish, I'm part Latin.
he is about to be on s trillion!! Lmao
ha! well said
i did
RT : What are you doing for the special woman in your life this Mother's Day?
I retract my last tweet. This place is pretty cool
I wasn't referring to you...
what u write on ur paper this time lmfaoooooo James should have wrote the date thing
Talent alone cannot make a writer. There must be a man behind the book...Ralph Waldo Emerson
Had fun teaching my 6 year old daughter last night the ins and outs of spinnin' vinyls. she picks up fast. DJ MARIA in da house!
Looking forward to the Le Pooch photo shoot for our staff tonight! Pictures will be posted on www.lepooch.net later this week! So Excited!
Donate Your Motor Vehicle To Car Donation Services For Everyone In Need
you picking up the GF pie from Za or from a GF specialty shop?
"You have a duty not to tolerate the poor performer, a duty to the performers." Peter Drucker
Congratulations!!!! Proud of you!!! (:
he was so amazing :)
Hot as fuck >.<
true. But they are making a huge mistake here. Not a Teerhar fan but this is a major downgrade.
Congrats- BIG accomplishment. Take heart on 1500 cuts - if Tchaikovsky can do it, you can too. He was ruthless in his edits.
Thank you. I have not laughed this hard in a very long time, although I am not sure I should find it funny.
I had supposedt it was merely delayed. Thought they would get to me later, and then later, and then later. Nothing.
Did we really need a Newsweek poll to know that the U.S. is divided by race?
<U+201C>Directioners own twitter. We got 5 TT's right now !<U+201D>
I need #toonami to come on again BC I missed it last night. Smh
Have a tech topic you'd like to see us cover? Let us know
i just wrote about sitting in an outdoor mall at night when its cold. it's like a southern california baptism.
Thank you!
sounds good. Going to be a great year!
MAKE ME. jk i will beautiful (:
I think guys who have made a girl disrespect herself/rush her into things need they ass beat.
And now I'm crying over
Remember when the TV edit of the Keira Knightley Pride & Prejudice ends with the Donald Sutherland/Prof. Snow scene?
Juicy J is hecka funny mane
Lol what are you talking about?
I forgot how wonderful the occurrence of "pay day" can be!! I'm starting to favor this employment thing now
did you see the teen wolf trailer ?!? It premiered last night ( the trailer)
RT We're looking for someone to join our team. Massage therapists, Retail Team, Nail designers; Contact
I only go to stars games or the fights!!! Let's see somethin!
Gay people are scary. Fortunately, Herman Cain is nice enough to drive my wife around and protect her from the homosexual agenda.
LIVE Music 7-10PM w/ Matt Barron 2NITE! Happy HR 4-7 so come grab some drinks & enjoy some great easy music & amazing food! C U SOON!
Congratulations on receiving the #40under40 awards!
We are inviting all our customers & followers to make an offer of your choosing on any of our fabrics! SALE ENDS 8/27/2011! iluvfabrix.com
Hey, watch it! From a Clevelander.
What did he have to say? ;-)
Your spouse should be your equal and of the utmost importance to you. You should give them the world or die trying.
was so bored by Kate w and Mickey R's nonstop selfathons that am back wid me NCIS YAYYYYY
Girl. Sisters were so nosy. "Whatchu writing bout?" Hilar.
www.seductiveDreamWear.com Check it out SEXY
thank you for everything you have done for the fans and taps, may god bless u and good luck,THANK U
How often do you and your counterparts at your sister networks get together?
$20 Veal Saltimbocca tomorrow at Osteria, just mention this tweet before you order. Dine in only! 47 day to go!
That right there is the story of my life.
Safe Word Why Didn<U+2019>t You say the Safe Word? Oh Yea Mouth Gag.... How About Safe Gesture?
Tonight at Sundara in Flagstaff
Now I know why this is my first visit to Lenox Grille
First gay club exper amazing
Thanks for sharing your positive view of TransforMED's tools and resources!
Can u please follow Me(: please !
Princess diaries!! OMG.
I tweeted you back what's good
Registration is open and instructors are beginning to trickle in as their flights arrive.
yes. Of course.
#Bocce registration ends JULY 7th for Fed Hill and Hampden on baltimorebocce.com
A person worthy of respect will be respected and will always show the same in return!
Cowboys are home against the Redskins on my birthday, in case you were already scoping out gifts.
Like: "Yes, I like reading, I'll join your book club. Oh, you guys are doing "The Book Thief"? Never mind, I hate reading."
where is the softball game at ?
lol wow, i went to the movies tonight
Out on a thursday!!!!! No priscilla's till tuesday!!!!!!!! I'm having a staycation!!!!!! Lol
I'm going to have to break out my recorded live "Free Tibet" bootleg album this afternoon. It's been a while
so to
He is the wind beneath my wings, I am flying high!
Thnx for the follow, I pray you accomplish anything you set out to accomplish...
Toyota tops GM in global vehicle sales in Q1 Toyota, the world's largest automaker from 2008 to 2010, sold the most cars and trucks globa
That one<U+2019>s pretty awesome, but I<U+2019>d argue that my example exudes joy and is thus clearly superior.
here's your one chance STANLEY don't lemme down.... hahahah
look at me tweetin away..
College >.< Lovely day thoooooo. :D.
Thanks Keith! I also see the great things you do
it might rain tonight.
Must be a strong wine :-)
I'm looking for someone to interview for one of my sports mgmt grad classes. Interested in what you do. Have a few minutes?
What kind of pants are these? I'd take a 1 syllable "damn" or even a "you look nice" from my husband
And now they don't call fouls? C'mon man!
Wow, today is my last day in libraries! Good memories of lots of awesome people, now time for new adventures and new awesome people!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+0001F319>
shock and awe over how ladies are going crazy over #Missoni line at #Target... well at least I walked away unscathed and with a new frame ;)
Follow as they're on the cutting edge of workplace research. Awesome organization!!
also heading for #cardcont Will be after 6.30 when i arrive. :)
LOVE the violin, and love your picture! Would love to hear you play sometime!
Good pick! They will probably get into NMH as teenagers and think they've "discovered" it. Unless, of course, they're teenagers now.
showing his professionalism tonight on twitter.
My email spelling checker just suggested I change "OMG" to all-caps "OMEGA"
Having some me time:)
Cause I see sparks when you smile<3
- hopefully we may get lower $ for being loyal?
New classes added: LA, Atlanta, Austin, Columbia, Dallas, Washington DC, Denver, San Jose, New York, Phoenix, San Francisco & Mountain View
Long meeting at the FBI this afternoon. They stay at work until 7pm...when the air conditioning shuts down. Evry1 vacates b4 it gets hot!
awesome film, particularly just before the end. :)
I think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision. - Eleanor Roosevelt
when people get mad at your tweet like you're directly @ them -____-
Sitting on my bed bored 2 death
Hello Everyone! Follow the very Talented Andrea Lee . Shes soon to be the next big thing!
When will the suffering and pain go away. I just want to leave forever. I'm in tears. Why me.
Warning now canceled That was a short warning Still plenty of lightning
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "S" #Scream , #SavingPrivateRyan , #Signs , #Swingers , #Superbad , #SunsetBlvd ,
If you're a woman & you work hard for the money, thank Donna Summer for giving you an anthem & reminding the world of your dignity.
I know, I really wanted her to win! But out of the rest of them I'm glad its meryl streep!
That awkward moment when you go to touch Someone's stomache. . . And their boobs get in the way . . ( )
i know me too im hungry haha
Moms love lavender! Lavender soap, bath salts, and bath bombs are ready to ship! www.thesoapguy.com
humans. for Stiegler dogs are human, for Derrida and Gadamer, cats are human, so Neanderthals get a pass....
juwan howard has checked into the game. im one of 20 fans left in the building with 6 mins left. omg eddy curry gotta go
Speaker of assembly sheldon silver would need repub votes to pass the lines. Votes in both houses exected today
the closest I've seen is ethnography of sport. like the famous cockfighting piece.
hay i dont think we r coming down for the graduation i dont think yet?
Um sleep eludes me!!.
Better now, I guess...
Sophia Grace and Rosie Go Shopping!: via
The G20 tour
You look pretty in that picture
Wednesday, March 28, 9 a.m.-4 p.m., Falls Room, UC, AmeriCorps Info Session.
Lunch is served All you can eat tacos at 5pm for $4.50.
do you like our icon? (;
Homework. Outside. Eat. Shower. Sleep. :D whatta wonderful sched!!
To all you females who don't suck dick, I hope your cause of death is CHOKING ON A DICK!!!!
People in my damn house won't leave me alone! leave me the fuck alone, I don't want to talk to anyone!
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
Thank you for the comments. Yes, all of this is huge & should be known by all. The world needs to know about all of this ASAP.
sorry to leave you hanging. Sometimes I'm just tweeting and not checking... :-)
Team prayer, boarded, waiting to take off
What's the podcast about?
at school they said u sound like a nigger lmao
More customers in today that saw our booth at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate & Coffee Fest.
so you have a business idea way back in your head? ideawf.com
I will keep you in mind!
hmm... Still slightly curious
It's our last night at Wicker Park Art Center for No Shame Theater. Come help us say goodbye in style. Next week we No Shame at Teatro Luna!
tough one. What about you!
you should have came to Boston. High today is 64.
- Hi dear, check your phone.
Fun fact: During HC debate Obama became so frustrated with CBO that he banned the term in his presence, instead referring to it as <U+201C>banana<U+201D>
xx lovely! Happy new year back at you!
Skin tips 101 with Ms. Gates
Finished water rafting - too bad only a 1-2 level! Awesome on Rio Grande and catching outdoor scenic in mtns and sun today
That looks like The Palisades as you go over White Pass
If The Dude ran for President he'd win. All the stoners would come out and vote for the first time in history.
It must be nice to have a superstar who can basically play all five positions.
what's good bro where can I send you some music to check out?
The most unexpected relationships last the longest .
you're very welcome. :-) I enjoyed the glimpse into your life!
One of these days Imma tweet sayin "I'M BRINGING CUPCAKES TO SCHOOL TOMORROW! TWEET ME IF U WANT 1!" and imma get hella RT's -.-"
go pacers!
"If you follow your bliss, doors will open for you that wouldn't have opened for anyone else." -Joseph Campbell
This day just got way better: RT Season 2 official!!!
There has to be some kind of Photoshop meme in here somewhere. Waters hitchhiking in Sad Keanu's van.
what's your favorite microphone to use?
Where's that?
I am off, but I am still half dead and on top of that i have to go to a surprise birthday party for my bro at 4pm
Turn St Lucie blue please!
Haha i like it! Are you going to new pros next week?
Every one follow the official twitter of Nick Provo >>>
Today is Yom HaShoah, or Holocaust Remembrance day. We honor the memory of the 6 million Jews who died in the Holocaust.
will probably be in town this Wednesday for the next Beer && Code. Can I still come hang at BetterAt beforehand?
wait until you get the ring, that's when it sinks in or when you put on the tshirt that says it
SONGWRITER/SINGER I'M ON MY GRIND
Its to early in the morning for this..
Beautiful night in Chicago
good luck :)
Ah, you totally just made our day! Compliments from users never get old ;)
Actually saw a few of the team bikes being built! Looking forward to a great season.
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
I'm not here to promote/recommend any brand. I want to stay #impartial. That said, I've had service with #ATT it was bad as well.
When you talk, you repeat what you already know; when you listen, you often learn something.
Good luck Tebow. Hope your magic powers can fix our offensive line, & our defensive holes & receivers not getting open and penalties and...
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
Monsoon Special! This deal for this week only $25 for 500 Premium 16pt Gloss or Matte Business Cards. Must Mention this Twitter Ad
I'm interested. Pros and cons here.
I think my 20lb purse may have finally broken my shoulder today. Time to unpack a few things.
Are you enjoying your leap day? Doing anything special to celebrate your extra day?
If you were born in '96, you most definitely should not consider yourself a "'90's kid".
Hard reset or connect it via ethernet and check for updates. That should help connection issues in the meantime.
Cant put Bruce Votto back to back. But u can put Rolen & Ludwick b2b.
Kudos! end of an Era! awesome 8yrs watching y'all!! Sad night! Epic ending for a MOVIE!
Yay!! What a great day!!! Audition, Class, Got a call for a new audition, Call sheet for work on The Reunion, Plus Stand-in work for tom!!!
Hey(: <Be.YOU.tiful>
awesome, thanks for the info
I RTd it because I am too
Andretti all day all night
I feel like I will never get out of here! Argh!!!!
RT : Let's declare a moratorium on saying something is confusing for researchers until we actually have data that says it is. Okay?
You asked for it!!! #Media Kiosks or #Media Dispensers for Books, CDs, DVDs & Games now available from the Ladies of Showcases 800-240-1850
August 14th, A Stimulus Smackage! Featuring RocStars vs. Lake Effect Furies. Tickets available at parkleigh, thread, rocderby.com!
Oh man, anytime I see a conservation position advertised, I have to drop everything I'm doing and apply and then freak out.
Hoping for some rest later today
no but we'd love to!! RT I'm thinkin of doing a Royal Wedding themed wedding..have you done a theme like that?
600 followers #YEE thanks everyone! :D
praying big and sending white light her way!!
Your address is too big when it takes FOREVER to print. Just sayin'.
Mua needed for Tuesday 5/21 from 2-6 pm in Midtown Manhattan. Shoot pays 150$ for 3.5-4 hours. Please message me for more info.
Hood morning!!! Woke up feelin rejuvinated
THIS SATURDAY ! JANUARY 21ST-----UP NORTH AND OVER TALK AT THE BAYVIEW BREWHAUS!COME JOIN US !!
#reddestcountyever... This probably explains why my grandpa got trounced when he ran for assembly in '84
Gotta go to work on this beautiful sunday...its alright though cause I'm off on mondays...
We are introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy... Would you be interested?
Q3: We are hosting a Poetry Contest and a Multimedia Center Petting Zoo.
maybe! I'll take it. I haven't felt special nrg like that in a room since Slayer reign In blood tour. Oh wow i just rlzed I'm old.
lol damn shame u sound like a pimp
true pippen was aight lol but he not a 50 greatest player to me tho...
Can't let this happen!
*is totally surprised* Thom... what...?
Follow Me Pleasee!! Your Concert On Sunday Was So Fun! I Had An Amazingg Time There! Glad I Got To Take The Picture With You!!
poignant. There's nothing better than overheard dialogue. The best place in the world for that is of course NYC.
I love abc family shows , its real teenager shit
Can someone go follow
My child<U+2019>s bowels are triggered by the phrase, <U+201C>Get in the car. It<U+2019>s time to leave.<U+201D>
I'm sick of this shit
Wish we would have seen Multilingual Social Media in there! RT : Gini Dietrich: 8 PR, marketing and social-media trends...
#ThingsThatMakeMeMad I say I'm going offline and not to tweet and then fucking everyone tweets me. GOSH I HATE THAT SHYT
Oy va voy! Maccabi Haifa hires Bernie Fine as a consultant! Strange hiring for the struggling team, don't think I would want to be involved
Can someone explain to me how Oregon slips to #3 in the final polls after losing in the final seconds in the National Championship game?
Thanks to for all your great wishes. Hope you stay engaged in local politics
Celebrating a New Year! Best wishes for health and happiness to all the Curtins worldwide!!! Welcome 2012!!!
Getting tired of trying to hide my wiener from the construction crew working on the apartment.
BUZZCO WOULD LOVE TO HELP YA FILL THIS POSITION! =)
DM We're preparing a national PR & marketing campaign for the most cost effective digital learning solution.How can you help?
I cannot go through the day without dealing with someone's bs or constantly being reminded of how Im making someone unhappy..tired of caring
what do normal people do in between meetings...?
I've always wondered what that song lyric said.
Can be great comedy RT Listening 2 britneyspears is the best way 2 ride the metro talking 2 the people next 2 u is overrated
Ahh amazing!!! I can't wait!!!!
If ur an outkast u can be friends with the popular kid they can be nice:-)
Whatever you need.
Me all day today: "Are you fucking kidding me?"
Bottled All Hail Ale No. 14 (Maple Winter Warmer). It's going to be quite excellent when the snow comes.
Film directers like Michael Bay and Robert Rodriguez make the actors mark out.Viva Machete!,Boom!
Niggas Hatin Cause Im Takin They Bitch...And Later On That We..#ExchangeFuckFaces!
Happiness has little to do with what we have; everything with what we think.
Me too, lady!
Exhausted and happy. Thanks #arlis2012, see you next year in Pasadena!
Let's go Tar Heels!
Tried to do my best in simplicity. Thanks and hugs, sweet girl.
Cat nip? :o Connor what kind of activities are you promoting?! ;)
It's a Holiday Celebration! WE REACHED 300K VIEWS BEFORE 2012! Thank you everyone for supporting our video!
I hate to see yall frownin but i love to see her smilin
Coyotes are looking a lot stronger this game but the Kings are letting up!
I need more followers mind helping?
G-ma's fight for good deals @ Nordstrom. I should give them my SS check, not the IRS. Seems they spend my hard-earned $ on the sales rack.
What do you have planned for your #mom today? Brunch, dinner, lovely gifts? She deserves all of it!
missin u like crazy today tia! rest in peace i love and miss you<3
Saw a dark blue Lamborghini rolling down Collins in miami. Plate: GTL . Then I ride up to check the driver....yup. The situation
you are a caveman
I want some candy.
the miami flops
"If you are going to be innovative, you have to participate" Great breakfast session with Adobe
great choice! we know you'll love it. RT: bought a piece of yours on excited to get it!
Payton also left his Cal profile pic up for awhile after verballing to UW. I got 3/2 odds he transfers from UCLA.
Now the men tell their stories about supporting the women of Sunhara! #menforwomensempowerment!
Give me a few days. I will comment on all.
Love it! ": How dare the Vikings steal Don Shelby's thunder.<U+201D>
wus good my g im live on ustream
If My band played a show in three points would anyone comee? O:
b/c my glasses && b/c ur mean to me lol
that makes way more sense.
now speaking on museum tours and the mobile web
when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys. So. Prob never
thanks, it was a good one nighter w the fam
Justice Hamblen of the EWHC gives judgment in AstraZeneca UK Ltd. case involving exclusive jurisdiction clause: [2010] EWHC 1028 (Comm).
Ugh too much crap to do today
Yes, the studio has overbooked this screening.
thoughts on the elections?
In response to a less than satisfactory reaction to I <3 GT Week so far, we have drained the campanile fountain. Consider this a warning.
Bet the bf isn't too happy! RT : #breaking: NASCAR postpones The Daytona 500 for 1st time in 54 yrs due to rain.
When did you buy your first family #Piano?
Did you like the Hunger Games?
I can't read another tweet, rest in peace #WhitneyHouston I'll sing I Love The Lord in my shows..I love you!!
Tonight CKY with Black Cowgirl, Chuck Shaffer Picture Show and Synthetic Nightmare, Doors @ 7:00pm
Voiting against amendment one will harm more children and their future...vote YES!
Amazing - and unsettling - how quickly new technology changes our lives. And that curve is getting steeper and steeper...
Guy's I love Harry, Zayn, Liam, Louis, and Niall!! (and not in that particular order) I love One Direction.
LOVE ALERT!!! We LOVE eating at Da's Thai Cafe in the #Princeton #NJ YWCA
Boarding my flight to #ATX. See you next week, DC.
": thx babe...nice mtg you!"----Pleasure was all mine love. I look 4ward 2 da next time. Hmu. Come out 2 my shoot 2moro.
Who is Don Iver or whatever his name is... Wow really Best New Artist? Hum
Help give an amazing 2011! Spread the word!
When's the next hurling practice? I gotta get on it!
Off to do 1860s sexism, primary sources, historical thinking & old newspapers with 7th graders at w/ & co
your mom is adorable loved her on the show today
not able to attend FETC this year. does anyone have a suggestion for good tech PD outside of Ohio?
going back to Boston?
Get over it
So often, I question things and well, that's just the way things are and we don't have the power to change it. Who does?
happy anniversary! to many more! cheers :)
Got my Mexico bass back today. Was buzzing, but all better now. Rehearsed with Jon Avery (from San Fran). What a wonderful drummer. Yahoo!
can you send me the picture of your icon please ? :D
Billings 3 Vs. Freshbooks... Billings 3 ftw for me.
Mix it with some Bonilla Ice Cream and you'll be thinking about it long after it's gone...
lol, yes! I think we became really good friends when we got a d-hall together(: haha
what kind of puppy.?
When you text someone and they ignore it and make a post./:
I just wanna move already.
To NYTimes: Now it's Obama's turn. For unbiased coverage & honest journalism, how about unraveling the Obama mystery?
good seeing you and Sheila today, my man. Continued blessings!
chloe please reply i wish i could talk to you somehow you are so cool and i hope i see you 1 day i will i hope to god
Thu 4/22 8pm update: CLIO connections to e-resources are working but extremely slow! Once connected, though, things seem to be functional
Staycation for Husband, I'm working as needed (closing end of month pprwrk) overall good! LIKE your news!
my guess (and experience) is dualistically-designed staff/university policies.
Super Bowl champs!
Hey! Hope you are doing great!!!
Senator Dave Thompson wants to amend the Racino Bill and put it to a vote in Scott county
Lol !! Ash you are a party pooper!!
The bad news of this semester is being followed up by the good news of $$$! lalalalalalalallalalalalalalalalaladjkldsfjdlzsejadfhl;
the wild twice. Chris Simon and heatley. Sighed heavily both times.
we're you able to find ?
Good first day! Tired though...
Fresh. I love that.
Spiderman reeve carney just swung through the door at letterman w his fellow castmates. Taller than I thought
Sorry, Madison area teams only.
Some work days are longer than others...feels good to be home.
Merry Christmas Everyone! Xoxoxo
thats what im saying.....they dont look like they came to win. N my boy Griffin inly good fa dunkin tho...idk! Smh
I've been checking out Viewpoint with interest. Do you know the Platypus Affiliated Society at all? we should intersect
I'm really tempted to say fck work and just not go. Sighh. But then I think about that NEW car I want before summer gets over.. Sigh
Me and my boy go back like white on white K-Swiss and Duckhead khakis!
I understand lol
2.) I love to meet new people and see new things and be outgoing
Any1 that knows me would know i operate onn an average 28-35 hrs of sleep a week! Err'week
Dang I'm tired but I really wanna do something tonight.
That's gotta be rough knowing you're responsible for a loss of life...
Happy Birthday, Elvis! Will attempt to eat a peanut butter, bacon and banana sandwich in your honour.;)
I understand being upset sometimes, but having a bad attitude everyday isn't cute
havent lost ur wit to pregnancy. U crack me up. That girl is gonna have a run for her $ as a teen cc
Not sure why I went to the mall today... I'm so frugal even the clearance rack isn't cheap enough. has spoiled me!
oh but i thik you know, man! we partied together! wink wink!
That ustream was madd short but it was oddee funny I was laughing the whole time lol:)
Today is the 17th,I can already say its going to be a great day!
O.O
Brian Matusz looked close to the pitcher we thought he'd be. Not 100% back, but stuff-wise, he was close.
Twitter can either bring people together or tear people apart... Learned some .. interesting things about people tonight
word and the fucked up part is u cant even blame front office
Even if you didn't like "The Help" gotta be happy to see Octavia Spencer win the SAG award.
need a vacation sooner than later...#BurntOut!
Last Name Benjamin!
<U+201C>No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you<U+2019>re playing a solo game, you<U+2019>ll always lose out to a team<U+201D> - R. Hoffman & B. Casnocha
thinking of integrating yogatailor usage with fitness trackers. so many to choose though .help!
#killingfeelings BIG TIME today
it was. and all together good fun.
Last panel chatted up importance of curation in the social world. This is key for all brands, not just fashion.
These must be ACC refs
Thanks for the RT! Hopefully Sophie was a good girl this year.
he does
trying to figure out how to tweet!
Haha T-charts still never fail me!! I'm sure whatever path you choose.. You'll excel! I'm excited for you'll be in Ptown though!!
When it comes to your business don't Think, just DO!
any idea why I can't pin things from your site? I wanted to pin the chicken salad recipe
How might 1 like to be evaluated: Want diversity of contributions recognized. Provide input on aspects that are important
I just hocked a loogi on luxury. Felt good.
omg hellogoodbye thank you for reminding me of them
I love Anderson coopers ridiculist .
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
you're such a fag lol. I'll be home at 3. Come home and watch Batman with me
Needs mo #Money and less bills... need a get rich quick scheme...lets get famous.
I become a real New Yorker tomorrow.
Holy moly, it's a beautiful day today!
my mom just walked up behind me and i saw her shadow and thought someone was coming to stab me.
HE DOES
I'm doing a broadcast just cuz i Can, Like random stuff
I'll bet Oliver Stone has said "What? SEIZURE? Never heard of it!" a lot this past week.
its so hot at this door
The advantage of being in the fridge for the afternoon #marketmix keynote: easier to stay awake after lunch!
and if we get smoked by the vikes, i'm hanging myself. lmao. GET ON FB FOO!!! and you know this, man.
Finally home from work! What a day, what a day! Yet another blessing! Feels good to be focused....
Damn lil san francisco ( a faggot ) started crying in class during his power point presentation
did you see keys responds to nicki minaj check it out its real cold she talk and rap at the end shawty
thank ye, thank ye. i haven't seen it there, yet. need to drop by for a chat and a peek.
Happy for George....some of the best moments I have as a Bucks fan were the standing ovations the BC crowd use to give him when he walked in
Great to talk to you today! I really hope my thoughts on the US-Mex press coverage were helpful. Good luck on the move!
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week. Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
You're an inspiration pretty lady!
Love ya, mean it!
you know who you remind me of going into that bathroom you're pooping in? Howie from benchwarmers
you will be there in spirit. Your support rocks!
another excellent example of prioritized spending (he said sarcastically)
by then, cuz i really really really really really want to go, and i miss my boys too </3
spends months reporting. Then organizing. Then writing. Then a complete draft. "THEN the work starts."
RT : I think we are registered, looking forward to it.
Sure :) What can i do for ya?
alright! i'll work on it then :)
I need a tan waaah
Wildcats driving...inside the CU 10-yard line
:) thank u god
I'm already following you :)
Thanks for the follow! The force is with me!!!
I can still see you in the end zone after the pick and the TD in SB XLV, Forever a Champion!! You will be greatly missed!!!!
Hey Jim, if ya ever want to book a fun country act, please give us a look...thanks, by they way we watch conan every night.
I don't know, but it makes me happy!
aw I would like that too
Singing & Blasting #Boyfriend in the car... by myself. HA!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to the connection!
Now I need to buy some headphones... D:
You're black and you burn fried chicken. Shame on you. lol
sure. Great job Pat.
umm idk probably this weekend or today even sincei have some spare time
we need to get together!
Trust no MAN . Fear no BiTCH .
Sunday lovely no work at all today time for family love it
It'll be PDF first, then ePub, then paper. pre-order soon. Signed, yes. Killer unicorns: optional
im halfway done with the semester which will make me over halfway done! if that makes sense...
It appears your account may have been hacked. Are you sending messages with links today?
RT : College GameDay heading to Baton Rouge for Florida-LSU. Sounds like a party to me!
I love bachata ,,
Soo exhausted! Not sleepy. Just exhausted.
Pretty ironic but B-Side Wins Again is my favorite PE track.
Preparing for hosting the East Midlands Young Planners event tonight - photos to follow!
Just used "Chrome" as an example of a browser B/C apparently "Internet Explorer" is over.
One good thing about you, youre easy to ignore.
Chillin in Los Angeles with pole vault and javelin tomorrow
Cinco de Mayo and the fullest moon entire reading this tweet will ever see for the next million years...
I'm talking the low budget folks who don't know what v mount is.
Ang and I picked up our packet today for the first triathlon of the season. King Tut Triathlon!
I didn't know that the offense ran through rondo! GOD he is literally so fuckin selfish sometimes!
": Think about how you can bring smiles to peoples' faces..."
as you should! Have a wonderful time ;)
hailstones! OMG, yes it says May on the calendar! Can't complain here, weather pretty nice today.
Like it better you look younger
so easy my dads great friend is head of that golf 2.0 crap, I'm prob going to work 4 him, piss in da cup like Noah
Mad Men way better last night. Interesting how the first 2 epi's circle around social issues. Fat Betty is weird and interesting.
good morning to you too :)
Topicmarks makes summary, list of facts, index, of uploaded docs & stores source
City Opera Finds Home(s) for 2013 After huge budget cuts and a damaging labor fight, City Opera is on track this season to balance its bu
still terrible :( may have to cancel my trip to Miami
Tablet versions of publications get more engagement than the site. About as much as print. Makes sense.
Thank you Obama. :)
Jules keep us on the down low ;)
ik. Im trying to be with him but I'm leaving tomorrow and I don't know what else I can do :(
Merry Christmas
FOLLOW ME..UR MY IDLE :)
You have to WORK hard for what you want. I want to be famous, so I have to WORK hard to get what I want.
i heard there's currently a job position open in Iran for nuclear scientist.......... any takers?
I haven't talked to her sense monday
Dear I'm sure many people think you'll go to hell, but I think you might be a saint.
Thanks for all your support the new Magazine is soo hot.
Kony needs to get a twitter
Two things to remember think before you speak and look before you leap...
But hea a junkieRT : chris anderson looks like a pedophile..
Is your site down? I am trying to access it, with no success.
I want to download the newest Nerdist Writer's Panel, but haven't watched Breaking B. season 4 yet. Should that matter at all?
lmfaooo he was trying to touch Andrews car !
Enjoying four Loko before the long lasting recipe of death is changed.
Happy Tuesday....things are s little busy here so we've been a little quiet but I will have much to share soon! Enjoy your day!
I'll dig into that tomorrow then.
Was Matsuzaka ever a strikeout pitcher? His nickname doesn't seem to fit his style.
Expecting old mindsets to blow up: It's #socialmedia day at #kipcamp. High-energy sessions with ,
Even Stevie knows a bunch of drunk rich white people can't keep a beat by clapping.
I want some BBQ. I want it right now. M!
"I said no to drugs But they just wouldn't listen"
Mavs Fever has spread to Italy. No wonder it's so hot in Dallas.
it's been snowing for almost two hours here... Huge ginormous #snow flakes.
Church with my mom and dad! <U+26EA>
Facebook organizes young people's lives not email.
Most depressing dream ever.
Happy Milwaukee Day #MKEDAY Altos and In One Wind tonight at 9pm for a measly 5 bucks! Have fun and be safe today everyone!!
Seconded. RT : so when is #SportingKC going to train in CoMo??? :)
<U+201C>: im dying. Cant breathe actually.<U+201D> You stole the words right outta my mouth! ;O AHH FANGIRL WITH MEE?!
#i312m5 What are the differences between "robbing" and "infringing?"
I'll just bring the liquor !! And goofy ah
Congratulations to and on 2 years!
im ok w/ that
Excited about the shows but not excited that we will be attending 5 shows total in less than 1 1/2 weeks. We will be so tired.
RT on my profile it said and are similar to me.....twitter must knw imma thug.
Might be minority on dis,but I love E-Trade baby,Da SOB cracks me up. I wanna do jaeger bomb w/him n talk stocks n bonds.
3.56 cumulative gpa for my first year of college? I'll take it! <U+0001F44D>
Going to attempt the 5:30am wake up call to get my booty to the #WAC tomorrow...
love it!
Thanks for #listing #AlexanderInt /design!
Does anyone else have problems with the event report in Google Analytics for CampusGuides?
Why did you mention yourself O_o?
I still think I am the world's worst Tweeter.
We can all relate to this...he's in my class right now Hahaha
<U+201C>: so glad all the movbwives will b back 4 a season 3!!!<U+201D> super excited!
The Infuse Meetup was awesome. Just join the Infuse-Open Mic group to find out about future events. Anyone can perform a poem or song.
Nope.I hope you had fun watching it!Lots of love sent from me sent to you!
free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!
How does one celebrate National Toothache Day? At the dentist?
I care!
of course you can, it's still a fixed percentage regardless of the cards. Is it relevant without cards? No
ur a retard aren't u
you follow me i follow you how that sound to you fair? <3
I'm too tired, big day ahead. Time to get my beauty rest Tomorrow is another day where is this month going yet again! #Frustrated #GdNight<U+2606>
Bringing in the New Year with the love of my life,
See the greatest superheroes in on 4/25 @ 7PM in Denver! Txt SUPERHERO & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr to win an ADMIT 1 pass!
When will endorse S-S-M? Fortunately, I live in a country demonstrating leadership and progress towards
How do people cheer for them idgi
selling skyrim perfect condition ps3 30$
OH: We can do a flash mob in China! 20 MILLION PEOPLE!
Dames just sat for a photo with THE "Candyman"!!!! Woohoo!!
Right before Gabriel Martinez got shot by a Valencia County deputy, he was swinging a metal pipe at the cops. Before that, he was running.
!!! YES! It's fantastic! Nice job, seriously. I see others are nitpicking already, so I'll leave it alone until it settles ;)
"Heavy Cross" The Gossip, "Love Interruption" Jack White, "Broad Ripple Burning" Margot & the Nuclear So & So's
RT : Can we get the truck to show up at #AmericanU?
2 spots open for the vegan desserts class on Saturday in Oakland. Want to join us?
thanks! See ya in a few!
<U+201C>: People who's names start with 'A' have the longest life expectancy.<U+201D>
What's with the weirdo masked caped dudes?
Always liked "Goodbye Girl" myself.
If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol
Looking forward to reading your article coming out in the summer. Which month does the issue come out, and how do I get a copy?
Praying for the Polish people and Poland
Goodness, none of my friends want to go to Burger and Beer Joint this Saturday.
Enjoying the suprisingly good #spring weather? Come in for a haircut and get a #pedicure for half price!!!
Anyone would quit if they don't believe they're good at anything.
Good morning
Yo I haven't been out to #426 in a min
RT : These are spooning hours..yet Im wide awake talking to y'all on twitter// Smh
Guys with pretty much any European accent >>>>> <U+0001F60D>
Pretty sure I dislocated my shoulder playing tetherball, but it popped back in.
haha Cool! I love that movie :) have fun!
Its an elite 8 block party!
Morning!! Idk how its raining on the warmest day of the week smh...
heard last night was a huge success. congrats!
Wow... I had a lot of bands following me today. Please be patient... I am listening :)
i HATE ppl touching me in my sleep or while im falling asleep<U+2026>thats irritating<U+2026>ugh get off me!!
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
Is going in tonight !
do you know who their live streaming service is? They had to expect a lot of viewers- wondering why they weren't prepared.
A recent report reveals that nearly 1/3 of the American work force is deprived of those precious few hours of sleep. Are you?
To all my teacher friends: Honest answer. How often do you question your ability or desire to keep doing this?
Thank U ~
It's a great day to feel and express gratitude for the people, things and experiences we've had in our lives.
Screw it ... I'll join you.
Me too. I think I'll take a short nap.
- thanks for the #FF. Happy Easter.
your Mexican? Or like Puerto rican peruian ppl
Think ima go to sleep
Eli had the best QB rating in the 4th but and Brady didn't have to throw the ball in the fourth most the year
I give ya my heart, take me in your arms and hold me Jesus #PandoraWorship #Fred&Kirk
no it was just a joke...lol
Mad thanks to for involving us in the Holiday Craft Fair this weekend. It was so much fun to help so many people make zines!
hey there
LET IT BE ! Go JB ! Hope the message gets thru to all the peeps!
I'm making a hash tag for the Random House Library Advisory Board. I hope others pick up on it.
Aw.Turn the lighs on!:O
I should have been violently killed long ago. Instead, he was.
Young athletes should be chasing athletic scholarships read this allsportsvideos.wordpress.com
Good morning, Joan! We're so excited that you will be joining us as a judge on 4/24 for the #cakeshout2012 finals!
What will the name Greg Smith come to mean in pop culture? will he be heroic to the 99% and demonized by 1%.What is the lesson?
When she was just a girl She expected the world but it flew away from her reach so she ran away in her sleep & dreamed of Para Para Paradise
We need to remember that when we digitize items (esp eg, mss) we can't hope to perfectly replicate the item & that should be clear.
I meant my boobs in my Victoria's Secret miraculous bra but you too ;)
yeah dude! Fallopian high five!
U got that right ;) Constitution or the rule of law b damned :)
I Can't.
So aggravated and frustrated with everyone ! I'm about to explode !!!!
No, I'm coming out...But I don't know if I can stay the whole time.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 77
time for a trip!!!
Don't be nervous! You'll do great.
it will take a long time but it wil slowly get easier.everyone who cares 4 her has 2 B loving,supportive & patient.
ln person on Leadbelly and the "sonic color line"...
Did you know I signed to ?
Thanks for the +K. Every little bit helps, right?
no - has to be dating, partnered or married - could do broken up, if recent ;)
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~Herman Wouk
here's to the kids who have so many talents that they can't decide what they want to do in their life.
Apparently a party is going on all over America. while glad a Party is occurring on a Tuesday, we weren't invited. NotSo
Commission will break and be back at 6:35.
It WAS behind the couch. How did you know?
sorry, just posted, thought I had alrdy!
Check out Trotsky & Hutch at the #FringeTO - completely improvised hilarity for those who wish their heads were giant oranges.
done thanks :D
Almost all gigs sold out ! Would love to be home in Dublin for celebrations, surprise guests & the Guinness!
Not too much. Just living the dream. Any interesting beer related happenings on the horizon for you?
$69 Divorce, Bankruptcy..Call now. Weekend special. Child support, corporations, wills, deeds, power of attorney. Call now. 727 474 9988
& my daughter a good laugh off me putting on my hooker boots..LOL
Wow, you said good night to Twitter...
that helps finance startups / co's that are premature for a bank LOC. Hope to connect soon! Enjoy the weekend :)
Impressed with & am sure that he made a lot of girls' mornings... #player haha jk! he's a sweetheart & should never lose tht!
Looking forward to joining with to host a furry fun CALS study night w/ therapy dogs in Library this April.
Long day! But a great day! Our production team shot one film project today. And we approved a 2nd project now under development! Yay!
Paid dues was a disappoint this year......
smiling like a graduation picture lol
Yes, re-engineer and re-define maybe?
Im sorry Moffa...I love you<3
I can't stand people who think they know everything sit your ignorant ass down somewhere... ugh
Right. Perverse incentives are pretty clear now.
there is no way that Mos Wanted and RNG r in the bottom 2. It's impossible
as always thank you 4 #ff..have a great weekend
Working on getting the latest EVPs we did at Hawaiian Memorial Cemetary loaded for review. Caught 4 things that we can't quite make out.
yes you do
I'm on with at 4:35 talking about the new fines for property owners who change "potentially historic" properties
aw, my brother &my dad were playing video games together <3
Exhausted after a long convention day in Las Vegas. Another day tomorrow, hopefully more relaxing.
congress needs to exercise care in making decisions to deploy! We can't afford these $trillion wars that sink the US into debt!
thanks for the help!
Wassup! What's going on? RT : hey u!
But I ain't gonna follow her cause this could potentially be my career & I ain't tryna taint their view of me via twitter.
Earl Thomas
Kentucky, MSU, Syracuse, and UNC. Which #1 seed titan did you predict to flop first?
Comin Too Chill / Hangg Wee Got
I just love when people get me sick because they're too damn stupid to go home.
done i followed >
where r u
OMFG ;o Demi & Brittney as judges on the X-factor U.S. <3 My whole week has been made ^.^
if Cabrera has trouble at 3rd it sure hasn't been tonight
they definitely are thrown around a lot more - but people calling people I love an 'abomination' based on a book is garbage.
10 hits and nine walks and yanks have 3 runs? Come on fellas. Fuck Detroit
I Feel Like <U+0001F4A9>.
Thanks for the follow, Maxwell. Hope all is good.
: I have an unused comp code. Can I pick up vouchers at Memorial Union?
I know! I can't believe that I actually enjoy working out in the morning too!
my brackets would be fucked, but the 1st 2 rounds are for the underdogs.
#Medeco #SmarteCylinderSolutions Reduces liability associated with lost or stolen keys
well excuse me!
don't stress! the stress hormone cortisol leads to carbohydrate cravings, overeating & abdominal fat
Just getting to know us? Here's a great way to start: Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, sm drink for $7+ tax tonight!
Costar audition tomorrow!!
New and popular DVDs - Here<U+2019>s the scoop on new releases: Out this week Born to Be Wild The Divide Read full ar...
I'm watching the first season of #KUWTK and the episode with shorty is awesome.
Ugh, Jasmine Villegas is so pretty.
#rebhan Remember to say "Good afternoon." I've made that mistake when practicing in morining for afternoon delivery. :)
Friday night was most excellent. I still can't believe people yelled for an encore!
I'm soo dumb
I accidentally listened to part of a nickelback song
Twenty years ago today, I saw for the first time. They came into my life when I needed them most & fortunately they're still here.
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. Dennis Waitley
- your modal popup windows suck big time. quit it!
Dangit! I wanna see the Whitney tribute!!
The threat of 'lashes' would probably prevent me from doing stuff...I'm sure the lasher goes for blood every time.
Many times, while writing Doyle Alexander, I'll write Alexander Hamilton. And vice versa. They are equally important.
Kobe dagger. :-(
hey;) I'm nicole & I'm fine hby?
is definitely the best Bucco blogger twitter. Me and this guy think along the same lines.
Here is the deal Sean, Rebublicans and Demorates need to come together and fix the economy. Aways disagreement or agreement!why
Now all we need is some donuts. I just saw a tray of them moving across the street.
<U+201C>: Really curious to see who wins the 640 million tonight!<U+201D>. Me too!
Just figured out why I love m&t bank. They have a ledge below the counter. It's PERFECT junk level for me.
I feel so smart getting asked to be a tutor
killed it tonight! I lost a gauge but it was totally worth it.
Morning Fb. What's your plate this week?
Need yall to follow back....
Hi Tatyana - we do them all in-house. We have a talented woman (Kelley Rytlewski) who thinks of them and designs them...
don't cry for me Mar Vista
Forgot to post yesterday: I knocked out my 15 minute abs routine. Week 2 is now complete. Moving right along to week 3. Let's get it y'all!
It would be awesome if there was a website somewhere full of PSD mockups for people to practice cut ups on. And by people I mean me.
Happy Birthday to all those celebrating a B-day in March!
Someone stole my pink Post Its. Really?
Merry christmas !
Now watching Knowing
good morning world ... lets get it ....... THE DREAM TEAM
Thanks Dave! Appreciate it (and the socks love). Let me know if there is anything I can help with...
RT : Lisa and George are in Miami!! First thing dad says after getting off the plane "Put on !"
I'm afriad Act1v1s1on's decision to make CoD a yearly release will only further the comparison.
THANK U
Melt bar & grilled. One of my favorite Cleveland traditions.
I like to watch Avatar The Last Airbender on netflix :3
Just because you can google something doesn't make you an expert on anything.
Vinyl sheet flooring is severely under-appreciated.
damn another 1
lol pull what out?
Still shocked over zeets start yesterday - I hope he keeps it up!!!
agreed and therein lies a problem; platform won't solve that.
I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed
The difference between your success or failure on a particular goal typically is set at the moment you decide to quit or to persevere.
The minute you stop making mistakes, the minute you stop learning.
haha! You want me to pinch you? Gusgus! ;)
What's gonna get me thru work tonight?....ill give you a hint lol...Passion Fruit, Mango and Orange!!!
I think you mean that he was 'singing' it.
Chilling at home wit Danelle, & Sarah getting ready to watch the Blazers / Suns game
Chilling at my sisters #Softball practice!!(:(:
<U+201C>: Does anyone else give to Christmas gift charities?<U+201D> we save are year long change and donate it
Captain America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
So sorry, I missed your dm. The prize includes all agency fees required to create a spot. Client pays expenses, incl. media.
young man, were you even 13 years old in 2000?
Yes!! It's like a sauna :| So..I'm gonna go to my grandmas(:
I miss you!
Never let a bald man cut your hair.
About to be late for work <U+0001F601>
HELP!!!!! Im at ralphs and cant decide between captain crunch or cinnamon toast crunch
#myneverendingthought: GOD I THANK YOU!!!!!!!
Joh 14:21 He who has My commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves Me. And he who loves Me shall be loved by My Father, and I will...
Seriously, I am freezing in West Palm Beach, Fl cant wait to go to New York Wednesday to warm up
I'd have to agree! is pretty cool ;)
hahha that's not advice
Walking in Cuyahoga Falls. Ziga is making it easier
Disappointment = waking up on Saturday, only to realize it's actually Monday.
Thank you for following me back girl!! Looking forward to the event on 6/3 :)
#MarchMadness starts in 26 days. Looking forward to seeing our go far.
I already mailed my postcard back to the office.
what happened?
never knew all these facts about saffron! interesting stuff! :)
My hdline: Mpls skyways calm as fragile land-4-peace deal holds btwn Am Cancer Scty (daffodils) & Girl Scouts (cookies). Buy both!
do you still keep in touch with KoRn? I know David is chillin at his restaurant in Huntington Beach!
Thank you friend! :)
Great Riding!
LAWL at if your parents ever saw your
TGIF! can't believe Patchwork is Sunday! & taco surf will be on hand to fill LB bellies. YUM!
Online communities need to be managed on a weekly basis: activities, topics, discussions etc.
Babys are cool but I don't want one anytime soon!
have you noticed that its the end of February, and all this crap (natural disasters, death, murders) has happened in these short 2 months.
keep up all the great work you've done! :D
If you count Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, 685,356 voted Dem today vs. 631,380 GOP in governor
yea, well in the process I lost my girlfriend, but she just wants me to get bttr
Met a guy doing toughmudder tomorrow! #sopumped!
I do love excel! :-P
Blue Star Mothers of America Western KY Ch 7 Yard Sale Saturday and Pampered Chef Catalog sale. Good works for a good cause!
Did you do 19? Happy Thanksgiving!
Heading to ScreenBurn Arcade and Happy Hour!
Eating a "grapple," an apple that tastes like a grape. Not sure if I'm a fan. It smells like grape-flavored medicine from my childhood...
Watching the longest amount of I've watched in years, about 10 mins so far. Kobe shot six times, missed every one. God bless
been knee deep in busy at work. Feel like i missed the summer completely. More traveling this month, then hope for some calm.
Ghoulish Garfield is this Thursday and Friday night from 6-9pm! Don't miss it!
Be sure to stop by for the 5th annual today! Lots of music and fun, indeed!
U nothin but a J.O.K.E.
#UGOTSOMENERVE to talk about my business beyond my back
anyone else think it was funny Luck had a 2003 flip phone
In fact, this whole week sucks...
I'm so glad you said that, I hate FB, I've been saying it's juvenile for months. I avoid it 99% of the time.
what's w/ the seductive looking card at lower rt hand side? Looks like you need that wrist brace 4 other reasons.
#FumbleRecovery & fight...yeah we're playing the
Oh, didn't mean it as that mysterious!--altho it's all Mystery. In real-life, I just blurt things out, and don't censor much.
my niece lives army base @ Ft Benning ny storms headded th@ way?
#Wobble Hey big girl make him back it up :P
thanks so much!
#FF thx 4 ur kind words and caring tweets these last few days. You are the best!
I think I know what you're talking about. There's a natural choice beauty shop and also a sallys type store
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 14
but it was still fun, met some cool people and handed out some fliers! thanks for letting us know about it!
Open 12pm-4pm today! The Fungus Among Us sold out last night, but we are STOCKED on the regular menu!
"I want to get really drunk tonight" ... "that counts as a goal, right?"
My whole body hurts <U+0001F613><U+0001F612><U+0001F616>
Enjoyed catching up. Let's visit Kentucky before you move to Orlando
sorry im just not one of your pathetic girls.
i just looked at your pic, go girl!!! lol
you win, and so very winningly! What are your claws made of?
Eli Manning is killin it on #SNL tonight
Dear weather gods, please don't rain on Preakness. Also whatever god is in control of this, don't let anyone throw a beer bottle at me.
So what would happen if #education spent more time building upon strengths than remediating weakness?
So far, I've spilled cereal milk AND yogurt on my dress pants today. Sort of feel like I should go home and wash them NOW!
#Cyclones just can't get it... Few more minutes to play
DC: Early voting continues tonite and tomorrow. Get out and cast your vote. It's time for change. A New Jack City of sorts...
Ablitech thought the UMD BioPark was the best place to grow their business.
OMGEEEE! Joohn he's from buffalo!!! And you go to Amherst during the summers! Ha
dolo means solo...as in singular
Take advantage while it last! Half off Personalized Labels from Label Daddy or Half off Tales2Go Book App! bit.ly/kE7aMH
I'm the studio homie... what u thought? da grind continues...
how would you recommend I watch the draft and follow my TL? Stay off twitter all together??? Any advice?
Watching Bizarre Foods and they are frying taurantulas...yuck!!!
what's this about booze?
#winitwednesday tweet us "I wanna get fancy!" to win a free tee! Contest Ends tonight @ 5:00pm! Winner announced @ 5:30! Tweet us!!!
What kind of music should I rock out to today?
Can't wait to spend the summer with
My girlfriend is absolutely obsessed with Starkid. It is RIDICULOUS!
Thanks to everyone who told us what teams they think will be in the Super Bowl. The winner of our $10 gc is Ann from TX!
Emerald Eyes almost finished. Hopefully, in time for Christmas for ereaders. Little later for paperbacks.
Off to photograph Garden of The Gods in Colorado Springs. Looking forward to it!
Brett!! You're not in the Bay Area are you? I thought I saw a tweet about SF on your feed ... Happy New Year to you too!
haha, thank you! glad someone is .. or else people would literally think im talking to myself !
OMG! You've never seen Star Wars? ;)
Let's hug each other and mean it when we all meet at
You have no clue so dont pretend you do.
Kentucky is bout to get a W
It's Thursday, which means the weekend is right around the corner! What are your plans?!
Awesome preso by at #uxsconf: The Mobile Frontier. The Great Mobile Rush has begun!
#leadership isn't about what you accomplish. It's about what the people around you accomplish, often after you leave.
uh yea...let's not do that again -__- so not American
A hashtag to follow right now: #changeyourworldcairo - the superb work done by the team
im sick.
Oh cool!!! We will check your stuff out later today. Just catching up. Thanks for the compliment. ;-)
*high five*
my date!? Lol you crazy.. but yea puppy love shit lol
Dude, I love Dr. Pepper like you! Dr. Pepper Rocks! Skillet Rocks.. YOU ROCK! :D Rt me please!
Anyone out there know where we can get solid numbers on the online art market?
Ik u thought i was gon come back around like i use tew nope not dis time im duin sumthin new
Rondo ejected b/c ref is terrible... kidding me
Spring cleaning has begun...
Thanks for backing the #Kickstarter publication of the Caldwell viols catalogue!
Summerfest announcement new this morning on #wisn12. Alice cooper and iron maiden.
oh good lord is he gorgeous. Too bad I really dislike his band. :-/
GL, well at least with lots of other people not playing, maybe you'll win!
Wow ... Georgina Sparks is Gossip Girl! I stopped watching ages ago but excited to hear the news
Tarp is off, going to try to finish game. Hokies lead 4-1 and will bat first in the bottom of the 5th. Looking at about a 6:15 start.
I have the chicken pox :(
GOOD JOB #ROLLRUS,
I'll give you a foot massage
It amazes me on how this woman still loves me! And I love her.Congratulations on your new job Stephanie Renee Caldwell Aka Mama.
Oh my goodness , my phone is being so dumb -__-
Just came from this play pretty coo
When asking your friends to vote for you recipe contest entry, please ask them to LIKE our page as well. Thanks.
Psssst...Fashionistas....Be Sure to Follow Your New Favorite Digital Glossy.
YES! I LOVE TORRES! <3 #football #soccer #i'mamerican
It's easy to love your friends and family. Go love the unlovable, the undesirable or the one who slighted and hurt you. Now THAT'S love!!
. Have you tried their new release of 2011 Unoaked Chardonnay? Delicious! cc:
Hm. Just like old times? Pretty much.
At a biz conference so #FF short this week...
I mean I'm not gonna fight for him.. Ha! I think you could get him ;)
My Great Grandma Emma is not doing well, might be headed out to Long Beach CA to visit her tomorrow or the next.
Yep. That was at the Vet. The drunk said "F*ck LT!" and then threw a beer at my #56. What could I do. I was 15!
Kiss me, I'm Irish ;)
655 followers...that's cool being I've done nothing to really to encourage it. But it would be even more fun to have 1,000! Tell ur friends!
#Superbowl Is it over for the Pats? Way to stay cool #Giants!
I wonder what my life would be like if I had made a different choice.
You'll never teach again!
Retrain Research Tip: A recent study indicates that those taking statins may open your arteries but deteriorate your muscles.
Margaritas taste like sunshine.
Thanks for the Tweets/Retweets!
Happy Tuesday!! Wait...who am I kidding? Tuesday is such a lame day of the week....
you got a release date for the album yet? pumped to hear it brother!
#TEDMED asking the Big Health Questions that us mere mortals ask.
SO your fiancee tore up my wedding invitation... I guess that's fair. All I could do is laugh.
Back in my day, a "beef and cheese burrito with flamin' hot Fritos" was a sex move. What are they teaching kids these days?!
NY just got a ! Dear , please come to Chicago, perhaps take the empty Pipers Alley cinema next to ?
Watching Dancing With the Stars with Viggle Mon | 6PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Solitude is the single most healing thin there is. -- Linda Poole
... Hello as well!
What's the cheesiest song you're willing to admit liking? "Unwritten" by Natasha Bedingfield is going to be hard to beat, folks.
Reeves birthday tomorrow!! :)
did not play good today
nothing better than going to bed early on a Sunday night -- then waking up at 1:30am...oh, it's a Monday - lol.
not really friends but becky katie i hear other gurls talk bout u i dont see why they do noavence but theydonthaveachance
Last month we crawled 2.3 billion URLs. Guess it was a slow month.
Aw, why thank you :)
Good morning #chicago have you tasted our new Artisan Bagels yet?
Its supposed to rain tomorrow, but i still make this job uniform look sexy....
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady shady conscience
Oh!!!! Your finally on twitter!!!
Your hand-made jewelry is beautiful. Keep making more please :)
NONE cuz the guy wuld be under the jail quick fast, like common sense, no questions asked! That's all the folks protesting wnt in this case
Aww sorry for not replying sooner! I was at youth group! :)
Just turned in my Traffic Director app for !
Going to sleep in my monkey hat... Don't judge me.
Just saw a commercial for adult gummy vitamins. If you're taking these, you have bigger issues than vitamin deficiency.
Oddly, even with the exchange rate, $0 American is also $0 Canadian.
MVP say what ?!?!? Couldn't have done it without my team by my side ! #lovethem #secondfamily <U+0001F49A>
Dont Miss! What I Love About America on youtube,amazon.com,itunes, Rhapsody,Napster,CD Baby,Lala, Cd connection, Iphone Music, google more!
Stupid phone sent variations on a tweet three times. Apologies.
C'mon out tonight 2 Puckett's Downtown Nashville tonight 7:30-9:00. Hear some music & get you some good southern food. Hope 2 see you there!
Storage Ottomans for Your House DecorHome Blog - storage ottomans
thanks for following!!!! xoxo
Haven't read anything for fun in awhile. You recommend?
Im not fred flinstone or Young Money but I I I I can make yo bed rock(;
---nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,nah...bat cam! Where's Ozzy Osbourne when you need him. How do you catch a bat in the newsroom?
is one Mrs. Emily Weixler McKay. Really enjoying #CornbreadMafia, btw. Great work.
with three dipping sauces?!? Nice!
the best option is Not to backpack tomorrow
No, we will be in DC! I'm going to write you right now.
hahahahaha omg....just bein a hippie
Hows it going? Havin fun bein your amazing self?
<U+201C>: you look like ur about 20 or 21<U+201D> --- u close but you'll find out soon
Thank you again Simple Plan for putting me in tears with your amazing music
In my mind there never was a Jefferson, there was only a Starship.
It was a phantom "wiff" bc there is no vodka around whatsoever. I'd say it's my Lush bubble bar.
Any suggestions on what to get 2 little girly- girls for their kindergarden graduation?
which bank are you at? Campus Credit Union has a container of pens (orange and blue) that you can take with you!
what are you going to ?
I feel good that's the important part.
Agreed. That was some good journalism there. I can only hope something good comes of this.
Yes! Tania is amazing :) Thanks for supporting #WaitingForLefty!
UUHHGG!!! Why cant I fall asleep! I really want to but everytime I try, it doesnt work!!! I guess I could start by turning off the computer.
Someone's tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty. You'll win. Just sayin'. =P
Sweet goodness we Florida residents are loving this delicious weather!
i hate everyone in this class omg.
that is the most ridiculous picture of me that has ever made it to the internet. And that is REALLY saying something.
come to the thanksgiving for lost souls party with me!
- Never even knew you tweeted. Will be very refreshing to have you in my twitter feed.
. "bat their lashes" - you ARE good at the visuals in writing... still seeing u in front of the record player as a kid!
Going to get my labs done. Needles dont scare me!
thanks bro(:
Haven't in a while but need to!
I'm pretty sure imma be stuck on Hunter Hayes for awhile cause I actually bought his album, unlike David Archuleta, Bruno Mars, etc. Heh ...
Two very nice innings from Mr Jones.
My ticket for HITTING A DEER was dismissed. Maryland traffic court was surprisingly efficient.
SWEET!!!! I would love ANY Cooke jersey
HAPPY ST. PATTY'S DAY!!
This is stupid, shut up.
ha! no doubt!!
I was wondering if they even had it - website was not very descriptive on the matter... Verdict?
Man, the cops are put thick tonight!
Not really feelin #MW3 tonight. What the fuck is wrong with me? #
I do think introversion makes it harder. The compatibility numbers game works less in our favor.
i was thinking i'd take the kids downtown...give Dave awhile to work childfree before all the gang show up. you like curry chips?
Don't forget Green Monkey Members can bring their moms (or Monkey Moms bring your kids) for a free class tomorrow!
Hey - I like the new logo!!
The USA has more people in prison per capita than almost every other country. More than half of those people are there due to drug charges.
So, I guess we can all assume Jackson will now be traded? tick,tock,tick,tock
home were did you go
aka "Polenta" amazing how one thing can have so many names! And dinner sounds good! :)
Meeting with a potential director for my short film "Tactics".
Kingmaker is fucking amazing! Miss TXMHF2 and you're dumb!
how are you buddy how is Jamie
I love KG's offball movement. Just so, so, so good.
I'm happy I got me a job $11hr I'm n there as long as I can have sundays off & b n bible study on wed!!!! Thankin GOD
a man i mite come down there
sorry bout that... I'll be texting you today Shaun!
#IPNC2010 and I'm eating paella with all the chefs and volunteers. Chef Berger is really starting to tell stories...
Thanks H. What's sad is Marks still doesn't get that some who can afford b'band can't get it b/c they live in poor 'hood.
I am now influential in typos, according to AWESOME.
APUSH-ers: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow. I need to collect those this week.
I miss producing the MACC Sports Auction at and meeting all the MACC stars
Super awesome #Community, #30Rock & #UpAllNight made up for the lack of new #Office & #Parks&Rec. But, alas, still not enough 4 this girl.
I miss you!! I so wish we could take it together! when are you visiting us??
Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS
Every day, when I eat lunch at my desk: OOOHHHH WHAT DO YOU HAVE THERE? IS IT FOOD? WOW, WHERE DID YOU GET FOOD?
yes, did you wear all black? or not wear not-black? re: Existential Crisis Thursday
I go there every year. I'm planning a few trips later this month.
thank you for your support !
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE KENTUCKY WILDCATS! (Well Done). My bracket didn't do amazing but I picked you to win it all.
Alright...fine. We'll have wood burning furnace/sculptures designed by beer loving Clark Ashton. He'll be at WBC to toast to the festivities
Happy Thanksgiving tweetie pies!!
-choppin it up shit don't stop. I wil not Lose.
Today I Love me.
What a goal!
biking is beautiful!!!!
duh , where at ?
Subaru Details BRZ Coupe Development In New Video - The Motor Report
lol i didnt even notice that
The world can be a very big place, so be yourself don't get out of place.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that not a real friend.
he hits you...lol...
Probably not me.
you know I'm down
last starring role! (I had to wiki that shit)
We are pretty sure that #SENIORWEEK at had something to do with it. Those #seniors rocked out last night!
Clippers will close it out at home on Friday night. Not like the lakers failing to do so yesterday.
I wouldnt mind being a fisherman
oh yeah...but then that's the first thing ppl see when they walk in :/ if u had one extra bedroom it'd be perfect
Chat chat chat chat There, I got it out of my system for awhile
is fucking ridiculous. They'll make a mistake, blame it on you and treat you like a goddamn criminal. Way to run your business
I'll be at the booth from 2:15 to 3:45 today. Come on by!
datsyuk. the greatest player in the nhl.
#WhiteSox #baseball They found a way to turn a 3<U+2011>1 starter into a closer with a botched save. I don't believe it's the elbow, either.
sliced and browned up in a pan with eggs in the morning is good. Loses the weird texture.
Sometimes, without #FollowFriday, I wouldn't know it's Friday...
JMO, but the latest Mike McQueary wavering just reeks of (purposeful?) discrediting to serve a larger purpose. And a very bad one at that.
This is going to be a VERY LONG day.
Agreed! Is "chick nonfiction" even a thing? Ugh. (cc: , in case you missed this)
S/o to for followin!
The La Mesa Village Farmers' Market on Friday afternoons in the Allison Avenue parking lot east of Spring Street. Between 3:00 and 6:00 p.m.
er, was he calling from the afterlife?
Thank you for being my 2000th follower on Twitter! I would love to send you a copy of my eBook on Sleep Deprivation.
Let me see
Check out our first issue, transmission, coming soon for fall 2010.
it would definitively part of your own stream. Positive.
I saw that very same candy cane-striped shirt at K&G the other day.
Jezebel and Project Rungay. Photoshopped models and January Jones' bad wardrobe choices = news that matters to me.
One month anniversary today ^.^ <3 she makes me so happy:D <3 #fuckyeah<3
I'm in DC. Haha
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how u get ya feelings hurt!
Bad Girls club luv that
when is the panel discussion!?
Just got this....awesome!
took you long enough ! (:
Why do Portuguese institutions behave as if the internet hadn't evolved since 1998? If they acknowledge its existence at all.
Oliver had its own truck? Who knew? Thanks for the heads up ()
I've never seen a "which book next" tweet! I'll respond the next time I see it... I'm about to start the Hunger Games books.
So, the punishment is meaningless. Just let him break it up and use it on his normal rest days. Fair enough.
Set sail on Disney&#39;s Fantasy <U+2014> without kids
I notice all these Texas people are in love with their sweet tea ..
Up all night...going to be a very long Tuesday. Java is my friend.
Working on my website!
Just cleaned out BP for hella snacks. I just have a sweet tooth, but the cashier thinks I'm high as a kite. LMAO.
Still looking
hehe. We didn't stay long...love you <U+0001F60A>
Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!
it's 9:00 in st.louis missouri<U+0001F60A><U+0001F60A>
Mad props to for picking up a copy of our album on iTunes! Thanks for the support :) you kick ass!
Art & Soul kicks off today in the Artsgarden, with a performance by Kool's Bazaar. Join us at 11:30 to meet our featured artists!
Didnt Tubby recruit Draymond Green? How n the hell is this guy still playing for MSU!
Washington DC is the Magic Capital of The World. Upon closer examination one realizes that is just an illusion created by all the hot air.
I lost the Super Bowl but I still get to go home to my supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen.
WAT UP NOW DEN BLUE!!!
I would very much like to have pictures together please.
Who the hell wants to stop?
Chun on early ideal of internet as "anonymous" supplanted by ideal of being "authenticated."
HEY HOW U DOIN
I dont know why I keep going I feel hopeless
dinner ideas???
totally jealous!
At the dentist ):
what a goddess
Tonight is both Spanish & French Conversation (7-9pm)
We're all going Loco in Va. Beach. Is Vegas going Loco too?
you're about 12 hours early for that
sounds good!
Enjoyed your article. Gave a good perspective of the company in relation to their 1Q earning.
haha! Fire hazard!!
Good organic rule of thumb I just learned. If you eat the skin eat
Who played "Bob" on tonight's episode?
I don't work shit out on the fone , do it in person we grown as hell
"Maybe you don't want it as bad as you thought; if you haven't done it as yet!<U+2014>Delano Johnson
Already got my weekend all nicely planned out ^_^
home business idea
Thanks I am in NY and will stop by at 6:30 for theclosing party #photography #Burma exhibition
I'm going to take you out next weekend.
Lars instead? If York can't bat here they need to DL him..
We are #teamfashion and will be keeping everyone updated on our latest products and styles here and on our blog.
I miss the my world tour
yeah, alright.... (VanGundy) voice... I'll tune in later to hear give proper kudos (respect).
Lmao not that game again too much confusion. But def.ly we gone get it in
You have a lot of room to talk, lard ass, and a lot less talent...
Getting a lot of spam with Twitter. How do I prevent that?
I'd like a speed reading grace
#TrueStory: On MLK day a guy said your not off work. Dr.King fought so you could be @ the parade.... No he fought so I could w<U+2026>
Cant wait for this job to call me back!!! #$11.75/Hour
Cute guys make you crazy, hot guys make you drool, cool guys make you daydream, but funny guys make you fall in love w/o ever knowing it.
ohh no!! Feel better :)
RT Ask Slashdot: Companies That Force Employees To Join Social Networks?: First time accepted submitter rubeon writ......
thanks love you too
lol I want a mash up of Jimmy & ... To call my own ha
Anytime you want to paint to us let us know. We really like your work!
Ohh lol , you're playing football for Clark?
Sorry everyone its hard to talk with people in tweetland but hi chris here how are ya and if in az say what's up nighty night
YOU REALLY NEED TO FOLLOW ----> Gonna love her tweets!!!<U+2665>
Such a nice #lazysunday. A few good meals, a couple walks around the neighborhood and lots of boob tube :)
Movie night!
Girl you already looked good! :) RT : You rocked Shasta.So proud of you.You made me look good to producers.
I'll tell you dunn, I must be work'in out to freakin hard! I'm so full of fire there's no-way to fall asleep easy... The Blood Burns High!
Im not really a big fan of candals on a cake what if that person has a bacteria and blows it,Then I guess everyone gets a lil b-day present
good thing you were in the bathroom.
Can't wait!
wut it do
Dave Miller Band tomorrow night at 7:30. This is bound to be a great all-ages, no cover show!
#FavoriteLyric That Thing Tight Like Fort Knox
Absolutely! In a really constructive sort of way though.
thanks! I guarantee you won't be disappointed with our ep!
I saw a bird & thought of Kevin and Louis.
This format of yours isn't getting old at all. --No one on twitter
This initiative will increase graduation rates and accelerate success--particularly for Baltimore's African-American male students.
MT : Good pt - perhaps a LinkedIn recommendation? Feature them on your website
#ifidiedtommorow id make a difference in at least one persons life
Dear Saints Staff, PAY DREW BREES!!!
Fear and Loathing in the Sand Box
We finally made it .. Back home in #MusicCity #Nashville Tennessee!!
haha that's what you get when you hit saturday instead of sunday on scheduling a post! It was fun though!
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
AH NO didn't tweet me but it's cool i know that it will never happen but I still love her
Hi Ivan, sorry for the issues, please email and they will be able to figure things out. -Brianne
A little rest and relaxation!
Wonder how many people are gonna quote tupac tomorrow on their #mothersday tweets.
Follow Me Back plz guys nd girls
the address is on our Facebook page, in the event. There is a small venue that they named the Hoosier dome. Idk y its named that
that's not that bad. :)
Thinking bout going 2the movies tonight!!!!
Yeah it's on. I don't like Pitino, but have loved Cardinal B-ball for years. Worse is that I'm a big Buckeye football fan.
I swear my school piss me off
oh. Well thanks for caring about me.
hahaha! It is the world's best kept secret! The icecream there...also incredible!!!
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
He just tried to jump back up. Epic fail. Probably would've made it if he had all four legs.
I LOST ALL MY MAJOR ARTIST'S NUMBERS PLEASE RESEND TO ME 2106779291...I APOLOGIZE FOR EVERYTHING...MY CELL CRASHED ON ME. JUST TEXT TO ME
Santorum pulls out.
Thanks for the RT of the LinkedIn article
Why thank you, I thought they looked great tonight as well ;)
Just applied for job #617023. Thank you for the notification!
RT : AMAZING performance last night! MUST SEE #ALICE (in wonderland) blew us away,COSTUMES were out of this world too!
Guess I qotta reschedule my day nah...
A little disappointed that we did not bury the needle or buy Mounds bars after the test drive:).
I'm actually super stoked to watch and work with them to expand into a lifestyle brand. You all better be ready.:)
Feeling, as usual, so out of step with this reality TV obsessed culture. Personally, I get plenty of reality from, well, real life.
Nice meeting u fam! U shut it down last night in Durham
soo according to star mag. Ray j has one and Houstons family said name yr price trying not to destroy her memory but honor her
movie night!:D
fill me in on the gossip!
I just died. I bought a new mirror that's sitting on the floor right now. Forgot it was there and saw something moving, just my reflection.
please follow me back
Listening day today, checking out all sorts of happening new tunes. These are the best days!
Finally made it home.
Yo we had a great show last night at Araneta Coliseum, the same place Muhammad Ali and Joe Fraser fought the historic "Thrilla In Manilla".
Saul rhymes wid Raul so don't gdt mad if I call you Raul :D
I am lovin this show
I pray to God he blesses my team and I on this trip I hope its worth it
ok, you want to meet tonight or tomorrow?
I need my eye brows done
please follow me and my best friend !! we love you <3
24 S01 E06: After taking heroin, getting crowbarred and being hit by a car, homegirl is officially dead via being choked around the
He is indeed! Mom's brother
I'm not sure what I want out of this, but I'm sure I want you and only you.
The #author Cole Hart wrote his first #book in 2001. He's definitely a
heckyeah! which shows are you hitting this summer??
lol u stupid
Yeah I wouldn't bother Green unless Gamel is out for the year & you start Green at 1B fulltime, which they won't do.
Heard interesting/alarming talk today on the U.S. in Afghanistan from Aaron O'Connell, Naval Academy Prof. and former Petraeus adviser.
I'm hungry might take my cousin to go get some food <U+0001F60A>
is coming soon. Please let us know if you will be in Mexico. We would like to schedule a meeting with you.
"Never get tired of doing little things for others, because those little things might occupy the biggest part of their hearts"
People at banks are so quiet and boring.
Had a blast! You & BD were Awesome. Hope to do again soon.
you need a date to that wedding? il come down for it. one question, open bar? if not just count me out
I just think its bs that we have to write a paper and then another one for our final.. I'm gunna annoy her so bad Or be a bitch lol
All the moments me and had in baybrook >>> X'D
I CAN SEE YOUR ON ? :) WANT TOO BE NICE AN WISH HAPPY BIRTHDAY ?
It hurts to open my eyes -_- goin back to sleep!
I know everyone is talking about the Panthers and the Dolphins new QB, but has anybody noticed that Bell blew his 3rd save last night? Yikes
DO IT!
what's your profile pic look like???
STOP . now make that motherfucker hammer timee. ;) -
Winter has finally blown in
I am!! uuuhhh... 405 on a Friday now? oh boy! Play some good music on the radio!
- I see why you feel the the you do. It is understandable!!!
My bad about not getting you kids proper credits. I'll put em up on the video description. Best I can do with CMF
yeah just saw a huge fire truck pull out of Touchstone!
Somewhere there's person/people that'll defy odds & win #MegaMillions. Then there's rest of us that have 2 worry about flesh eating bacteria
: Good luck with your filing! Don't forget our Support team will be here all night if you need them!
"A champion is not a person that keeps on winning and owns all. A champion is someone who never gives up"
Just spent an hour test riding bikes at South Shore Cyclery without buying anything. I'm a terrible customer, but damn it's fun.
Dragon fruit is so overrated. So bland. Cherimoya needs to be on that list. So freaking good.
Amen:The Sox collapse is inexcusable, but not nearly as inexcusable as their delusional fans calling for people to get fired
#Thethingis Check out , Fashion Events Music & Sports updates.
I want to go buy pumpkins...lots of them...
I wanna meet new people
harley could you please follow me, ? ;)
Can't sleep
Gym. Tan. Drink. We call this gtd. Fuck gtl
Watchin the cookout 2...this is a funny ass movie
I am so lucky to work with such crazy talented people.
yea ok way to say good bye
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change. And you will not change unless you change something you do every day.
Staff inservice day at Sandusky Library!
What's up cuhzo???
"What's Love Got To Do With It?"
RT : "It is not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts." -Addison Walker
He was on it?! Almost enough to make me tune back in. What was the theme for the night?
Thanking GOD for another wonderful day #blessed #thankful <U+0001F64F>
Thanks for the heads up!
RT ": I really enjoy MATH!"> You and the rest of the 1% of the population
: Yes -- that would be great!
It's kind of like saying to someone, "I don't wish you a happy birthday," and then handing them a card.
I will argee with your love of Coors Original. ;-)
inspired by #Angela Dabney at today's AFP Salute to Philanthropy lunch - great ideas, great talk!
good girl im at Macy's now
My steering wheel is like the surface of the sun.
grounds for immediate dismissal.
Stealing candy from a baby, much more difficult than the saying would imply.
Another great day awaits :). I'm exhausted from the awesome crowds yesterday at but I know today is going to be great!
Big game for the Oregon DUCKS Tomarrow! GO DUCKS!!!
Much appreciated!
1 Carlos was with instagram now with toys n hallo now i wonder what he will do next :O
Read the unused World War Z script. It's an absolute travesty that this will never be realized. Will happily pass it on if you want it.
COPE: Create once, publish everywhere. NPR's approach to seamless publishing. RT
y u mad
MPT is running Historic Barns of Maryland. I didn't realize it was Sweeps.
I saw and it's pretty true. I'm glad you think that way! :D
So I joined google+. I don't know why! haha
I'm following over 1000 people but only have 300 followers wish I had more
I think I'm finally over my sickness! Back to le gym, finally! :)))
I'm not sure yet love, but I'll be thinking about it <U+0001F604>
i look forward to yours as well :) hope you'll find our tweets useful!
TheMiz jobbing to Brotus Clay just was another sign his stock falling fast..ill have to get #mikewickett view,raw review at 645 a on
Hey Steven!!!
Glad to hear it :-)
I used many colors don't you worry
The Seela hands-on cabin will be closed today for repairs and maintenance. We've still got the rest of the Village available, though!
Watching the Whitney Houston Interview on Oprah.
Eminem has TWO of his albums on the top 5 highest selling albums of 2000s.
im bout 2 text u back now sweetie :)
Booksigning and Gallery Walk with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries. Free and open to the public.
Apparently not! RT pessimism is not our friend Bo!!
ha.. well maybe it's because they think your chasing them... try to be patient and let them make the first move eh?
Jeffrey Dahmer's Killer -- Appetite for a Book Deal
No problem, I saw the video when you originally uploaded it. It was cool. I dig your video.
You need to calm down
Gavin DeGraw is Eliminated from &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; - Who He Should Start Dating To Console Him?
A2 - , , Great examples of sites that give good product recommendations
If you could go back 100 years, would you tell Leo not to board Titanic to save his life, or let him get on so he could still meet Rose?
#Trivia What year did Citi Fieldopen?
Didnt take da hearing test since they already know I would fail it haha but it took an argument with the hearing tester chick
Where not that far away
With the 26th Overall Pick, the #Texans pick #Illinois DE Whitney Mercilus. #NFL Draft
I tried to convince my trainer that dangling a cookie in front of me would make me work harder. She didn't buy it.
Bright Hope is at
Let's hope this isn't a microcosm of the entire season.
I can't wait...
If not for the possibility of rats, I would offer to take the midnight to 4 am shift.
Omg I never get tired of listening to Bon Iver. Ugh, so beautiful.
Tomorrow is the big day for the #wmnldrs !
"Werewolves In London"!!!!
Wasn't it Bill Phillips who brought it to market?
When I eat M&M's I have to separate the colors first.
I had the weirdest dream ever <U+0001F630>
HA - they beat me to the punch...again. They're fast!
Saw today \m/
my phone is going bezerk... ;)
Duck Dynasty was on Wendy Williams Show
Storms. #chickenshit ... le sigh.
Finally did my hair
you should do a keeks of you and singing the alphabet backwards!
Aw thx for the RT's today.
you = understand ? nerd : normal;
im good about to be at work
I must have this!!!
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
Lmfao! I honestly never would've guessed! But I see it now, good for her :)
listening to journal for plague lovers.....again, it's a great great album.
follow on twitter niece
Whoo hoo! Going to see Rain this Saturday!!
good times!
Everyone loves Taking Back Sunday, yet everyone is afraid to admit so.
I hope u have a grt day <3
I love kevin hart!
Tune in to the radio show Thursday morning around 8:30. We will be talking to him about our new series on
ATTENTION: A father alone w/his daughters is NOT "babysitting!" If you believe this to be the case, this is your damn problem - not mine.
World News America on #PBS tonight: #Eurozone economies in trouble, still no govt for Greece, Afghan boots & #Shakespeare reborn in Indiana
Self Preservation.
I followed
Ultimately, I believe this flood is demonstrating our increased need for MORE INNOVATION in the area of IT infrastructure
I hate forward progress
took a nap after school and then I have dance in a little bit <3
Why is everyone talking about God today. This boy on facebook was just reciting the whole bible & it was actually upsetting me.
Goodens made shot was so high it went out the top of the frame. Then swish.
Id die for ashli mariah wilkey my bestfriend at age 9 my partner in crime/ride or die at 14 my momma bear at age 19.
A smile is all i need to know you're for me.
I'll be your hero who's standing strong, who protects you from any fight.
operation buy just dance wii and drink wiine is in full effect.
Takekawa: We take cue from how people want their stories to be told.
RT RT When I run, I cut corners because I'm a fearless bitch ;)
Hey! Hope all is well with you. Thank you for the #WW. Cheers!
God bless him, will be in my prayers as well.
you're right ya'll truly do.. But at the same time no.
I'm with you....we should turn it into a SxSW event.
#youmightbeanautismparentif you go to a pet store and your child tells everyone about every type of fish they carry.
Shhh! Don't tell anyone...I haven't even got out of my jams! ;P
kony 2012... OKAY! WE GET IT.
Thanks for the kudos! Cheers!
I'm signed up to be a zombie in the Pittsburgh one this fall. Can't wait.
Get it?
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing. Warren Buffett
Kathleen and I spent the day the Boston MFA to see the wonderful Chihuly exhibition. The displays and Chihuly's sculptures were exquisite.
No, just got an email from the Port's media-relations person. They haven't gotten to that agenda item yet.
thank you lovely. sadly i have to get all this work done. ah brain is about to explode.
is asking everyone to check out www.timothylucero.com
All or nothing at all by o-town hahah, stacy's mom, it wasn't me by shaggy, where the party at by jagged edge
Thanks for the RT!
that's great. Don't take any <U+0001F4A9>
RT : Networks bragging about their shows.. is in it's 14th season... Take that major networks!!
I should really start checking my midterms after they're given back to me
Fuck I Look Like Screaming And Crying #StopIt Bitch Its East Side Brew City 414 Damage Mode.+
Good day Zayn. Hope you're getting on well and that your mates are doing well. My daughter and I love your music Best wishes.
I might be a hipster. Ran into and Mary Van Luven at Swingers, a hipster place, right? I'm a hipster by association, right?
Know what the For Lease sign on the 62nd+Roosevelt bldg's about? None of the businesses appear to be out of business...
DAMN I CUT MY FINGER!!
alright man, Ill let you know if I am still going things have kind of come up expectantly.I really don't want to miss this race
don't forget the little guy Hahahaha
I got GREAT news from my schools financial aid office about my scholarship!
Sent. And I'm just looking to finish the interviews by the end of next week. So if you don't have time now, no worries.
I'm in vegas. I'll get back to you. You're up too early today!
Love you
Love this impersonator guy!!
Quite funny to see
Found my dress for tonight
Apparently I drink milk the way I drink scotch: neat and in big sips.
I am quite convinced that knows the questions my man will ask me ... before he asks them.
when my brother is watching rio he doesnt pay attention to me at all.. even he knows to ignore me
WHEN nigga im serious...
Happy Mother's Day to you RED HAUTE MAMA!
Ice cream maker attachment, IPOD docking station, and a job... all in a day's work:-p
IF ANYONE IS SELLING VANCOUVER B.C. floor or lower level seats, please tweet me!
What are we gonna do to fix this major crisis?
I LOVED it!(: it was my first time and y'all are HILARIOUS!(:
Wishing all a fantastic weekend!
In New York City! I've already seen a couple of celebrities :)
don't ask a smoker why their eyes are red...its offensive<U+00A1>
According to NBC Miami, the best place to eat fast food is.... Chipotle, McDonald<U+2019>s or Panera Bread?
hahaha! just read this: "Oh,dating.It<U+2019>s beautiful,really: Boy meets girl,boy woos girl,girl falls for boy.Wedding.Babies.Bliss."
if there's June Hoops in MKE it will become life or death in 2 min walk from 3rd to 4th st
oh man, now I just feel washed out for not knowing :(
The Big D misses you and Ryan!
Long week, definitely need something fun to do this weekend!
thank god(:
<U+00D1>ot pushy, just a gentle shove :)
<U+201C>: Mike Wallace Going Some Where Else<U+201D> doubt it now
Last Chance! Today and tomorrow are the last days to snag a $25 gift card for just $20!
you know those two 8th grade fish you stalked at church? App caroline thinks the blond one is hot!
do you want to know what isn't mine either?
love it
#RoseBowl this year felt like a game for the ages. Much respect to both teams for going until the refs stopped you. #GoDucks!
Oh, gonna see if it's on my Kindle!!!
indeed he is.
About too take me a nap
Follow me? Please =)
i miss how We used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that waZ on my mind. I mss our conversation
I'm really excited to see your goodies! :)
shortly @ #EWGreece... stay tuned for some cool Entrepreneurial news from Athens !
Some have stopped selling but not all... Not yet.
Just picked up taco bell and Ghost protocal...gonna try not to SLAM within 24hrs
Am I the only one who tries to figure out how tall people are when i watch tv?
nothin much how you been....
OKC, Spurs, Boston who ever they see 1st lol
BREAKING NEWS - Trivia Question for chance to WIN band will be posted at 8pm EST - RT this tweet & follow
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
Lunch buffet 8.95 and dinner buffet 11.95 at New Delhi!
Thanks for the promo on #TXScotRiteAccessLux!
I'm not laughing cause I'm actually crying on the inside.
everyone please follow my dear buddy > she is very helpful, sweet, and cool
But I wouldn't mind it being cotton candy flavored... (Sorry Emmie, apparently Jaz and I are very TMI-minded)
I'm hosting a regular food truck festival in Downtown LA every weekend. Think you can help or put me in touch with vendors?
my bad im following now
Goodmorning! T.G.I.F
thanks Clement! Hope you are having a nice weekend~
#NowPlaying <U+2013> Stefano Noferini <U+2013> Tom Wax - Keep Off the Grass
We'll be back but for now just SECKLE!!!!
Rain or Shine: Usual shop hours til 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. First customer gets a FREE GB, Brew&Yellow, or Red Trucker Hat of their choice!
: it's my birthday today. livestream? what a great gift!
Gorilla Biscuits. Dope. Old school.
Define "Productive." If the end is an unsustainably materialist consumer good, I find more value in human relationships.
Ok, barking dog for 5 days and nights! Unfricking ridiculous
dangerous move, Mr. Patronik.
thanks for the #FF!
Chillin w/ David <U+2665>
Its cause god feels sorry for them": truuu RT : ONLY LAKER FANS GO TO HEAVEN"
Money creates my grind my mind striaghtns my time......
I'm baleening toward intentional fish puns. I spent $5 for a book of whale puns. They were awful. I got my finback.
The other SF wins the MVP award.
The race is on! Can we get 1,000 followers are raise $100 for the WWF by next Tuesday? RT and spread the word!
okay(: Same here
#UHtaughtme how badass and exciting college football can be.
Is that thunder I hear. Let it rain!!!!!
Plan For Your Retirement Today! Get info on 401Ks, IRAs, and Mortgage Planning. Free articles Available At www.retire.retirementjunkie.com.
Get rich or die tryin
Same thing happened to us! Oopsie.
wow the koo
imagining a world without state executions
you would still date me huh? Lol
See our discussion from this weekend so far
when punky didn't even know my name.
Combing through some beautiful HD footage of #FirstSquad for a top secret project. Can't wait to get this one started again.
607 s. 12th st east nash. Tonight & tom we play. Snique said he got a new #
3 shows to go. At Universal
U/D Vincent - Fire under control at 10:37am; 46 FFs on 17 pieces of apparatus in 27 min, no injuries, Fire Investigators on scene
Do not do to others what you would not like done to you.
I never thought I'd see the day when Puck made me cry.. well at least when he wasn't beating me up..
Bye Atlanta, ga hello Memphis, tn
Good Morning Sweetness I have been Great And How about yourself?
Too much, on my mind.
I love Austin mahone!!!!!
Happy Friday!
while the bf is away the girls will play! #girlsweekend with and
RT : whats a good place fo me to post my new mixtape for download< mediafire
ah ok. Then ya gotta do it! So then kick ass!
not even Jose Andres can top the #chickenbiscuit from :-)
u should follow my friend her name is
hahaha - except our dollar amount is $0 not $10
You looked strong when I saw you.
nine gongs for the dwarves kings....
I'm so excited for you.
": Love is the question and the answer. No matter what."
Don't catch a felony swagger jackn lol
#whereimfrom my name taylormiller is hot where pimpc started,were paul walls grillz is wht tht is,and ice cream paint job cool
Hmm, you may be on to something there. Gonna go with the 8 grain whole wheat bread I think.
what happened to Obamas stimulus plan, where did it all go, PA gov. workers can't get paid. Unbelivable
If you would us to send you one, please email Catherine Shawki at I will be in touch with you & send it by mail.
Lol you'd be having a Villanueva baby ear army ;) :'D
My mom and I hope you get better.
#What2ChainzWouldSay .. Hair weave killa.. Got a fine white girl, I just call'er VANILLA!
Cool. cc Kevin isn't averse at all. Sweet!
... and the question remains unanswered. :)
<U+201C>: he wasn't it. Spoiler!!! Fredo gets whacked at end of Godfather II.<U+201D> spoiler I am drinking and didnt Think...
Boys should never do duck face! hahaha
aw! I miss you too! Where are you these days?
Some call it inappropriate... We call it funny.
Isn't it cool that when you were born like for a few seconds, minutes, whatever you were the youngest person in the world?
Happy Birthday love
Caps win! Series tied!
i wish would stop changin her dam name on twitter !!!
New cover coming this weekend & i know its LONG overdue!
I have to dress up tomorrow and present my project to my class I'm gonna die okay
Morgan City redistricting plan draws fire from residents - Tri Parish Times
Phew. I aspire to be unstuffy!
I'll keep you updated on the status of the confrontation. Currently it's at a stand-still.
Ok, I'm done worrying about relationship stuff so from this point on its time 2 put ALL my attention on my career.
I can't wait to make some!!
hell yeah u do ur shit for mrs omara?
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me <3
good news/bad news. bad news: DOUBLE CROSSED BY THE GARBAGE MEN & thrown in the truck. good news: surrounded by delicious garbage.
Ahaha my teacher called me wild today . 0okay.
Looking forward to playing tonite...set time is 11.45pm.
Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented.
DailyHookahTips#149: For all you hookah nubes out there, #narghile is the most common term for #hookah outside of the United States.
there was some kind of major delay when I left (I also left from millbrae which makes a big difference)
Working on some new clothing
see you in about 5 minutes..
An evening with - Absolutely amazing. Funny, smart and incredible music. One of my top 5 shows.
Shooting 4x5 film now. So excited!!
Everybody please RT: This SATURDAY is the big food drive! Let's all help out !!!
you might as well guess a Tardis
Let's resay that..fast forward to when gets his diploma!
I wish i could be there. Im still working the night hours right now :P
I got your postcard in the mail today Thank you! See you in Baltimore in July. BTW, RU planning any campaign events in DC?
Thanks for the RT Miller
In the past I used to tout how smart was for their #UI until the new skin rolled out and all I see now are dresses as suggestions.
RT : . 100 word blog posts-the "twitterfication" of blogs. the reader can read it in 1 to 2 mins
#secretservicepickuplines how'd you like to put a black man in the oval office?
It's fat free, right? Just say yes.
pray for my man , that's all I ask.
Last night was definitely one of those "I'm never drinking again" nights
Driving the back way home from city at 5 am is creepy. So dark and full of trees.
Thanks! Good questions needing more rigorous answers. What are your thoughts?
Dear girl behind home plate, there's a net there.
I'm on the road to be what I'm destined to be and me... I'm destined for greatness
He's abq's hedgehog. RT I just saw Don Scrader for the first time this year. Spring has officially begun.
your welcome :) <3
brad Pitt!
Watching Insomnia with Robin Williams is so good at being creepy.
#LiesIveToldMyParents he's just my friend :)
Can you take me to the Superbowl with you? We can wear matching vintage Payton jerseys and laugh at Rex Ryan's facial expressions.
So according to my phone my text message memory is full even though I deleted everything. So don't text me because I won't receive it.
keep up the noise tonight. I feeling 3 points tonight
ohh i thought i saw him in your followers<U+E404>stupid eyes lol jk #imnotweird !!
yeah. It does make me a little nervous...
The worlds best friend's birthday is TOMORROW!!!<U+263A> looking forward to it!!!
Great work!! Love it
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
First big update coming from on Mon. Lots of new features, some bug fixes & better content. All based on initial user feedback.
#fpsldraft2012 SS. Lienert is still on the board...
high afffff but not as bad as lmao
I need more sleep ..<U+E13C>
Rocked the house last night with in our Computer Dinosaur show, thanks to and TNT!
Finished dinner, bed for Abel, then xbox for me =) leavin for PA tomorrow
Good luck dear. I'll truly miss you, , and so much (: <3
Tell me you fuckin with Smack & URLTv next month g! Crazy ass battles comin up...
Hm. Wish I could throw our family of six and all those lemonade refills at ya! Good luck. You'll do great.
Yes I'm in love with you. Yes my heart's broken too. Because I can only see us in my dream.
"A great library contains the diary of the human race." <U+2014> Address on Opening the Birmingham Free #Library, George Mercer Dawson
Being barefoot >>>>>
Our phone bank team reports many "yes" commitments for Otis. And people are calling their friends. Will you do the same? We can win!
(sigh), well, I GUESS, if you're twisting our arms...
many many thanks for last night! Crowd fine ;) much fun had. Meeting up would be ace. Wanna join ? x cc
hard not to imagine what an experienced lineup would have put up by now- 7-8 runs at least.
best hangover musicc
I've lived in the hood all my life but a stranger to the finer thangs!
of course, it was all aboot the prOcess
Is Adam Mayes dead or not? Stop playing news media.
and I'm sure urs r black as hell Lmao
Oh another thing, quit acting like you can boss them around & tell them what to do. Don't think your name is mom or dad
been maintaining for the most part.
Underbelly is open for business on Lawrence Ave near Norwood Fire Dept. underground elk sausage and something else that will melt your face
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. - Eleanor Roosevelt. What work wish do you have for yourself?
HAHA Flaviu you beat me to it! Ugh. I suppose we all should just have a <grouphug /> and just move on. :)
congrats on the ride...
When in doubt, freak em out.
Dear Wisdom tooth who finally decided to show up,
Also, you totally caught me being distracted on twitter while ALL MY ATTENTION should be on my thesis.
Continue to go after your dreams. No matter what the media says... you can still be a millionaire, six figure earner, you set the goal.
Keep having fun and playing for each other #Pensin7 #LET'SGOPENS
Scared of YOU! RT : Thank you! Sounds so Charlie's Angels doesn't it? RT Love your FABULOUS new monniker!
#everytwittertimeline has someone mindless in my case my whole tl is mindless
that makes 2 of us...
Shout out 2 da NVMe Camp and the only nigga w/o a twitter Big Lex! Big thing's Coming!
Dropping off tickets today for our show with & ! Any one interested hit us up! (: NO SHIPPING FEE
nice chatting with you...I think we are seriously on to something.
RT I went to see 's new movie this weekend Good Deeds. It was wonderful! everyone should see this movie.
YES.........HOME DECOR AT LOW LOW PRICES!
I cried because you're right. :/
did you watch TheKilling yet?
Dude Kentucky don't play
Unmanned drone just flew over my head not a thousand feet up as I was walking my dogs...
my pleasure!
I didn't know those still existed!! None in the New England! <<ThankGoodness>>
the time is changing so fast.one day we are looking for sticks,stones and bricks to play with.the next day we have ps3s,xbox-360s,and more.
Well, I'm almost done with the preconference at #TXLA12. Interesting stuff. Conf. Welcome Party in half an hour.
<U+201C>: um, i'm allergic to pineapple, if you were a real friend you would know that #suburgatory<U+201D> -- hope nothing major happened
I later repudiated at least 30% of it (evidenced by my scores on "worldview tests") but when I read "How Now Shall We Live?" it changed me.
u should say something comforting like "I'm sure everything will be okay". -__-
wow! nice! ...thanks :) Yeah Dizeen is one of the biggest snow resorts in Iran.
Nevada Caucus time! It's really a battle for second place: Ron Paul or Newt? Any predictions?
if you didn't care you wouldn't have said anything to me so go cry about it I don't give a fuck.
It was a wonderful event! Thank you for the tweet.
ugh, that is no good. take it easy & hope your back feels better soon.
Electronic books... will I ever get used to the absence of the paper?
#womansintuition is crazy.i knew i had that crazy dream last night for a reason.
I always get home from school and come on and see so much drama.
thanks brother!!!
Good morning & SM00CHES to ALL my followers!
admits again: "we're French, so we complain."
Hey what's up guys? If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock. She's a sweetheart.
Watching "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we play y'all today I play for bf
Designer Cheryl Koo will be on 790 KABC tomorrow! Woohoo! First radio show for this Other Duck!
I'm having a good hair day. It's really curly!
I love youtube! :)
About to start planning our comeback show, who's coming? ;)
My grandma's mother's day present >>>>>>>
here, too. I'd been blissfully unaware (thanks, Singulair) until I ran out of my meds last week. Now, can't breathe!
just saw this! Thanks boo!!
According to , our increasingly vocal baby has "turned into a muppet." She's also got that fun Beaker hairdo.
The 2012 PL Comps for Q2 has all shipped out to our subscribers<U+2014>expect them in your mailboxes soon!
I gotta get some sleep doe...
That feeling where you wanna talk to your best friend about him..but he's already hers...<<<<
that's super hipster.
You can take the challenge with us! RT sure wish I could make it to the Fit & Fabulous event!
. The Lion, The Witch, and the Pizza
as long as it is steel
Party/street festival. Live music and food and drinks. Today is the day!! Don't miss it!
Having a good day at work :)
You will be missed! RT : And that, as they say, is that. Thank you Columbia City for a wonderful 5 years.
Welcome to the tweet party!
Just a joke, Scott. I'm a Chargers fan all the way and will work to keep 'em here, but not on the backs of the taxpayer.
i've hit rock bottom..and I'm still going down.
Thanks to for the free Malone's feast
i love how posts pics every day :) it makes my day 2c his face love u andy! ur my hero,inspiration,&i hope to acheive what u have
cute - i want to try this!
So sorry morehouse
I'm so scared I'll wake up tomorrow and my favourite show will be history soon. :(.
I think normal tix are 40 something plus tax idk
Such copies strike me as completely unlike infringing copies of books or music or movies. Of course I'm not a lawyer.
do you want leean chin
Guys remember when we didn't know EVERYTHING? Wasn't that great?
Lmao this nigga is on my boys jock. Kinda gay brah..
just bought your book on iTunes.
The world of the internet knows better than that Ben.
Wise men talk because they have something to say but fools talk because they have to say something
Saved a little yorkie! Knocking has its perks!
#YouwereCuteUntil you started talking.
frankie edgar ftw.
We look forward to your 4-hand piano concert.
congrats! I'm so happy for you!!!! <U+2764><U+0001F604>
In the quivering forest where the shivering dog rests, our good grandfather built a wooden nest
Forecast for Tuesday: Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 70s. South winds 10 to 15...
I just sent you an e-mail to chat about advertising on Would love to connect when you have the chance!
You can do a lot of things to me, but do NOT play me for a fool. I'm NOT stupid and I DO NOT share.
Put your lips on me and breathe.
thanks for the RT!
Oh, thanks. Now that song is stuck in my head. :P And, I agree with 'genius'. SoMe! SoMe!
Waking up at 5:25 and hearing my mom just get home after calling her at 12 and her responding "I'm on my way"
aww u are so cute baby <333333
Hahahahaha it literally is so scary, I love the fast bed
USA's three runs are the first scored against the Cajuns this season.
Why does the #DNC also stand for Divide N Conquer?
no ok that's ok it'll be fab
I am new here. I am a single female that is 40 years old. I am seeking a man because I am unemployed and I get no money for food and clot
This basement smells like Tauntaun.
That sucks! :(. Can't you stay with her when you go see her in April?
maybe we can run together one day.. I wouldnt run that fast
RT if you love hot weather. :) <3
Skintastic Medical combines aesthetic know how, experience and a more natural outcome for making Dallas ppl beautiful & "real." 972-620-3223
Going to metamora, Indiana tomorrow
#np Johnny Cash - Hurt. Yep probably the best cover ever done.
Finally!!! I have been saying he needs one for the longest! You should make her just like him and make Shaun jealous!
Just wondering if I'll see you between now and then.
Trying out 's pozole recipe tonight. She says, 'add a little of this and that" I have to follow the recipe.
thanks for the RT! It was great to see this #Agile team in action. Team feelings are often overlooked.
and me are at Disneyland running a tally of grumpy old people in mouse ears. Total: 8
I was just thinking that you loved the daughter so much, you typed "dilf", completely forgetting that you couldve meant "dad"
Newt referred to three wives. Assuming his.
not a bad monday. diggin this sunny weather
Tonight is our #Bourbon tasting! Taste, learn, enjoy bites & more! Phone reservations @ 503-248-2100. See you there!
ye. That kids gone. Haha so u gon be at schaumburg next year
Anyone in particular?
What's a "stickit"?
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor. - Andrew Carnegie
oh I assumed we have a standing invite to all class & events. Forever. Right?
Can't pop my collar.
Happy Grandparents' Day! I started two # to celebrate: #ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandma & #ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa Hug a grandparent!
" Talking to the moon like I'm talking to your eyes, baby.."
Little sis pooped out a fist I don't see how all that came out a infant
thanks, can't wait.
#30-Maurice Jones-Drew-RB-Jacksonville Jaguars
Good luck.
Turnip green, goat cheese, potato and preserved Meyer Lemon galettes at tomorrow's Pilsen farmers market.
Hey agents, sizzling fiction, innovations, inventions, high rolling tech world of elite south asians, respond to
Get your daily dose off all things #rock and #metal by following ! Piranah approved!
Shameless (on Showtime) looks great, but is really dumb in a way. Anyone seen the original English series?
To all my natural hair salon owners in Las Vegas Nevada, I am looking for you. Hit me back on twitter. Looking to come to Vegas in Sept.
u get to hang with Cool j lol
& Movin' on to something better! <U+0001F60A>
I got to get me some goddess braids but in a way that I haven't seen
Does anyone ever send you a proposal in a FedEx envelope? If so, do you just trash it? Random question but would love to hear...
It's pretty crazy that the Superdome has only hosted 5 Final Fours, but they are all memorable. 1982, 87, 93, 03, 12.
Was a busy day unpacking at the house in Stryker.
From the Quirky Stats Department: Stricker cut streak ends at 49 today. Axford enters game for #Brewers with 49 straight saves...
Big Saturday Night plans? Start your night off at Grazie! 305.673.1312 for reservations.
#salute I can hear you now
haha.. Me either ! I have to see an eye specialist now !! They said I might have to have surgery !! D:
True. Always thought they should give vouchers to people who leave if the delay is over 3 hours.
If you are in DC this week, check out the #9/11 Reflection display @ #NMAH: uncased artifacts from NY, VA, PA, and the TSA.
All this constant checking of who's following and who's unfollowing.There's nothing better to do? You guys know there's PORN right?!
Congrats and welcome to the team - the new Tournament Manager for
Yes Sir!! Gotta get to T Dot next year!!!
what about #Bedre?
i try..... but it's never good enough?
Just dropped my keys down the elevator shaft at work. Good start to the day, right?
If you see the ladies of just randomly hug them. They say they don't like it but they do. Even if they squirm. LOL!
Dude you just f*cked up your Ferrari. Seriously, greatest Bay flick ever.
OH! THE PLACES YOU'LL GO! You'll be on your way up! You'll be seeing great sights!-Dr. Suess
Flyers stepped it up in the 3rd period, but you have to figure a weird bounce is going to decide it. Either way, amazing game. Go Flyers
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
When does swim team start?
MoronPosingChristians:Read da Bible cover2cover using a concordance&dictionary praying first!No1knows da hour,day&has da mind of da Creator!
yep time for MUSIC
After a near goal on a 2 on 1 the #Bruins will be on the PP
gaahhh its absolutely nuts...like everyone from high school either has a child or one is on the way
Reality is about to set in though <U+0001F60F>
#TeamNotDoingShitTodayAtSchool I never do shit any other day so<U+E404>
I almost killed my dad and I in the car today <U+0001F628> I was so scared
OK...Good
I'm overboard.
Amazing and HOT day at ! Thanks for dancing even in 90<U+00B0> heat! True warrior status!
Is that you, Christine? RT : Hello!
Good Morning! How are you?:)
Should I swim today?
que bueno! Can't wait to see you babygiirrllll :) <3
Sure... You can make some decisions. I can't do it ALL alone... Sounds like my wife talking
Thanks! The texture of the coconut and slight crunch of the walnuts really gave it another layer of flavor.
OK, so after a few phone calls, my LAST 1099 from last year should be in the mail tonight. Finally, I can do my damn taxes!
Ozzie Guillen - Jesus, Oz. After struggling for attendance for years, all we need is u alienating Cuban America in Lil Havana. UGH
very well, thanks. And you? :-)
do what you know is right - skunkworks and developer driven 20% - know your enemies - find your friends
Im so tired ^.^ !! Goodnight Austin<3 && Everyone else i care&Love about((: <3
i don't know why or how i am awake.
I'm sure you were! xD
...establish harm reduction for consensual sex workers who choose sex work and see it as a legitimate career choice!
Great meeting you at the event last night! Enjoy the rest of your semester :)
So many strangers in my tweetfeed right now!?! Then I realized is a retweeting machine tonight
Nobel Pig is the closest I have come to eating European food in the US. Amazing, brilliant and delicious. Long lines though.
I can't wait!
tomorrow is my 13th birthday
in an out the studio being on the road doing shows
OMG!!! I just heard Master P and Gucci Mane on a new track On
The island of misfit toys.
So what you sayin? *eats shrimp in Red Lobster with my shirt off and houseshoes on*
Paul Holmgren seems impulsive enough to move Bryz out, just on principle.
Who's House? Dawgs House!
Waisting your life to me is just that. Outdated answers and ignoring the beautiful world around you
S/O to from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize
#nicknamesforbreasts "HATE YOU"
I'm in Atlanta in a big ass house all alone with every single light on and flash lights by the conner of each room
im a big Fan Love u
it was a great but hard trip i will keep posting at my blog about the trip at www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com stay in touch
Helping my lil sister do hwk & telling her she's wrong & then realizing you're the wrong one! #embarrassing #fail O_o
Congrats Jane!!! Who-Hooooo.... So much for handicapping. the races..just betting names in the future..haha
Talk about customer perspective & how you look at decisions & actions from that point of view.
Still on the phone ugh
The bar phone fell over and died. So don't call the bar. We'll get another one tomorrow.
academic discourse has a serious-making impulse at its center that makes it bad at thinking through the unserious
Bosh hurt
: Post your pretty spring flowers pics!
#vrrusa urban libraries have more active vr stats-embarrassing for us at HC-geography a factor on both coasts
thanks for everything you do mike. Make following my beloved wild easy even though I live in Portland. Appreciate you
hey u trying yo mach
RT : Freaks don't come out until they pregame
#RnBThrowBacks : Promise ~ Jagged Edge
Mad men time!
thanks for the tip!
The looks like an egg. (Sorry. But that's what her avatar is!)
OK, the #Vikings are three the easy way...Morris Claiborne or Matt Kalil or Justin Blackmon.
Fuck the giants.
Thanks, Mike.
A cure for pain - heroin, money, redemption, or love? Which would you choose?
I<U+2019>m the girl that always has her phone in her hands, headphones in her ears, and that one guy on her mind...
I'd rather be working for a paycheck than waiting to win the lottery.
This is a good weekend to watch some youth hockey
NEMESYS performing free c sections tonight at Rockstar Lounge! What are you waiting for?
We're joining Pinterest and searching for the best resources! Tweet us a link and we'll check out your boards to follow.
so true. but it didn't used to be that way. "Karma Police" was on That's What I Call Music: Vol. 1!
Pittsburgh Cares is leading many of its agency partners once again in Global Youth Service Days from April 15 through April 22. More than...
That's cool, directing is a pretty big undertaking. But again, so is a novel... I couldn't write one, so it's cool you are.
hey what u doin? :)
I am from the old country Tehran Iran!!! Iran number 1. Iran Number 1 #WWF Legend
follow me please:D
I'll be the first to admit that I don't like talkin to people about my feelings but it is nice once in a while to have someone listen to you
somehow obama talking about the budget crisis is a nice break from hearing ashley's voice.
God doesn't just exist in times of sorrow, but everyday 24/7.
I like the "C8tes"!
and fat too
how do u get tumblr som1 tell me
wicked excited for 's special on tonight!
Links Re up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games no matter were you live check us out and enjoy the games!!!!
can i get the recipe to that dish your mom made when i came over?? It was amazing! :-D <3
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
I wanna get you by yourself , yeah have you to myself :)
- Thank you for the LBC Spotlight on the article "From Menudo to Evita, Ricky Martin Shines" by Rita Egan.
cute quote!
And FWIW, what convinced me wasn't the whole "I'm a saint" part, it was the "Why would I throw my career away?" part.
they gd ma how r urs?
Watch out the yellow ones dont stop
All these posts about #MLA12 have inadvertently tweaked my MLAnxiety a month before the event
I hate your nipples. They look like peach-colored mountain tops.
follow back doe!
If we had a wet willies in downtown detroit....that bitch would bang!!!!!!! Lol
what tweet am I supposed to ignore
Check out the SWEEPSTAKES and enter to win a free session and photo credit!
Finishing my weekend with impractical jokers
cant wait to see you either babe:)
fair enough
when crystal castles starts your shuffle off, it's going to be a good day.
Thanks as well. I enjoyed writing about the life of Mary G. Ross.
i hope you're right.
Up.. AGAIN!!! this is becoming a bad habit..
if ppl can serve God in regular professions,why not with music that's not overly "Christian"? Not my calling,but don't wanna judge
ugh Say it don't spray it
If we're being honest: Nikki Sixx isn't a great bassist. They gave him an award at #goldengods for surviving.
I need a cocktail!!!!
Commence #wiley2012! Dr Benefiel reading unpublished letters from early Methodists to the brothers Wesley
I rushed and now I'm sorting in class with barely ten kids.
Omg why is it so hard 2 try 2 get noticed by I wish tht 1 day he would c a tweet tht I mentioned him in plz RT:)
can i buy it anywhere yet?
much love 2 Thanks for coming 2 the show, laughing, not throwing any food at the stage and tweeting about ur experience
TONIGHT-Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub
yes! I had dinner there the other night at
I think you should read a little more about the history of the Jews. They were run out of almost every country in Europe.
stop beating me up preacher. I'm on top of it.
AND 1 more...
That's the best homecoming present I could think of. And today is my birthday to boot. :)
Interview time.
they had some federal collateral guarantees I believe.
The easiest thing in the world to be is you. ~Leo Buscaglia
In my natural element...an elementary school fair
oh yeah, and EVERYONE else, who also sins every day. Condemning specific sins in Christian ministry is a terrible witness.
Worked for approximately 6 hours on a paper that will probably get a B. Time for bed, yo.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :) haha mine was yesterday :p
why you!
Love how "stabilizing wormhole" is one of the progress bar steps while connecting to live chat
I just want a cute guy to flirt with
Oh yeah: he's only around 4 lbs or so.
what quote?!
lolololol so true
your comment on that fb photo is exactly why i tagged you -- celebrate TOSSEDNESS.
All my music on itunes just erased .
wonderin' how my friend is feelin' about visiting my backyard today?
eh, you're prob right. i always find it funny how the so-called "moral" don't get their immorality. so ironic
Excellent! Congratulations!
Multiple page resume's are mostly seen in professions in science dealing with publications
please follow me :D 24
"What rough beast slouches towards Bethlehem to get civil unioned."
Chairman Mondale calls bill great deal for all -- Minneapolis, Minnesota & Vikings.
just said don't energize your enemies <3
I think a lot of ppl are over him.
LOL Not bad. Just long. Personally and professionally.
Anyone know a good, reliable, cheap plumber in RVA? Need gas logs installed and the guy I hired was a no show. #plum,er
Jasmine Alinder on "Whose Civil Rights Histories on the Web?" panel at #OAH2012 : How do we transform a source by placing it online?
CONGRATULATIONS on your precious baby! boy or girl? My baby boy is 7 weeks old & I'm going to my 1st bootcamp class tonight. Ah!
Hope to see folks tonight at the Irving for Change meeting at African Village Restaurant, 3003 N. Belt Line in Irving!
didn't see that one
There comes a time in a man's life when to get where he has to go-if there are no doors or windows-he walks through a wall.Bernard Malamud
Calling all Catering Personnel! We have a great opportunity for the right candidate. Apply online or give us a call today!
": Memphis in may next week can't wait 2 eat sum good bar b q!"
Firehouse w/ my fav girl ms. Amber Pybrum! Who's joining us?
Who's Ready for Turkey and a after Thanks Giving show at Elcorzon (25th)?! -Jordan
Don't slip on any bananas. ;)
My moms going back to get surgery tomorrow morning, please pray for her, and that everything turns out okay.
Federalist 10. Should be required reading before anyone uses the "let the people decide" argument.
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
thanks! :{) btw I'm one of Ethan's best friends
Walt Disney World generates about 120,000 pounds of garbage every day.
What's the deal with long beards in basketball now? I don't get it.
thank you for the RT! Love your dog photos :)
Thank you boo!<U+2764> RT : happy mothers day! <U+0001F60A><U+0001F337>
<U+201C>: Nah.... No thanks! #wineathome RT : #Cancer, be brave today and leave the safety of home ;)<U+201D><-------
torn ligament, Tommy johns likely
For Mother's Day my husband bought me a new hammer. I LOVE it! :)
yeah, you promised that last time. now, a nigga dont believe you.
always seems to be a #TT people and their crazy obsessions. Trend something like
RT : RT : When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way.
my third period teacher and sgt. Burns <U+0001F601><U+0001F604>
I am liking this Pandora app for the BlackBerry. Any other cool "free" BlackBerry apps anyone would like to suggest?
Plan To Make Success Apart Of Your Journey But Execute Until You Succeed...
hey! follow back?
Thanks for the tip Steve! Kings X was the first band I really dug(!), learned it all on 4 strings though!
I wonder what mb is doing at this exact time! RT IF U WONDER 2
Just picked up the special edition of Space Jam on DVD at for $2. Day made!
I have been sitting at mcdonalds for 20min. waiting for food! i thought it was supposed to be a FAST food restraunt!haha.
I just heard "where have you been" on the radio and it made my day!
#CNN - Attorneys for George #Zimmerman said Tuesday they have lost contact with their client and will no longer represent him.
we have a new special - stuffed chicken wings!
Editing the audiobook like a champ, and soon is going to come by with something delicious to eat.
Crazy I woke up with him on my mind!
My son new to twitter and wants 1,000 followers. Can you help reach BBN? He loves UK basketball.
LOL! No share Cinnabon. There are cats in this apt. complex 1 of them fakes him out by sitting perfectly still. :-)
food pill tonight! leftover vegan kreem of brocoli soup mixed with leftover beans. not my finest work, but healthy for sure.
Can't wait to drop this new bootleg! It's gonna be all the electro!
Chilly? Come warm yourself up with a hot cup of tea at our Porter Square location! They're only 1$ with the purchase of a yogurt :)
AOL took 9 years to reach 1m users, Facebook took 9 months, "Draw Something" took 9 days!
Whoops! Pre-emptive posting. You now have a glimpse into my Wednesday though :-)
Make sure that your family is prepared for upcoming increase travels, be reassure with an Emergency Medical Record. See website for details.
lol. Yeah, focus on school! :)
I'll keep that in mind! Thanks for the suggestions.
hey Ms punk
damn it I suck at responding. I think Wednesday is only night this week Megan and I have home time. How things going?
good morning, Jon!
I just love when guys diss because it shows how much there jealous of him <3
Spending the day working on making myself a better person!
Just too many unemployed people out here for folks to not want to do their best at their jobs. No matter how minute the task.
#hypercondria is a real condition my friend.
like your new picture.
Ohh you're acting like obama is a hero, pleas continue to tell me how well our employment and tax rates are
<U+201C>: RT:Asians on Charlie Angels-pic Dynasty in reline also--> thanks miss. As always ;)
Music to be creative by - we set up Radio KTD on Pandora. Check out our favorite tunes. Thank you rockstar intern Victoria.
There`s no crown for the fisherman who caught you.
Running errands
Happy Mothers Day Mom<3 I love you more than than anything!! You're always there when I need you, & I couldn't ask for anyone better.
I was at the Sen. Feinstein luncheon a few months ago. You handled all the questions given to you so well! Check out our FB Page!
The company was generating some leads from its website, but the bulk of customers PMG acquired came from word-of-mouth referrals
I seriously would date Selena Gomez. Would she date me?
Colts new quarterback is Andrew Luck even though i'd rather have Peyton Manning still here..i'm gonna be behind the Colts No Matter what
Let's do that.
Hail i'm a superstar...
Judging by the traffic still terrible at 9:30, I guess school started everywhere today.
thanks :) u rock for noticing!!
Wearing loves at my desk while I type. Guess #winter is officially here, huh #Pittsburgh?
hey! Let's connect.
Wait, who's Sarah Palin? This movie better not make her relevant again, because she's mostly forgotten.
sweet great to have you in Tulsa
Stunt people earn their paychecks! Flying, burning, crashing and all of the above.
"The tendency to 'see things precisely in black and white terms [was] the great American temptation.'"--James Forrestal (in 'The Wise Men')
@ this awesome party!
Snickers #sb45 ad:out with the old (Ms. Betty White), in with the slightly less old (Richard Lewis&Rosanne Barr)
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. Tennyson, Alfred Lord
good morning all.. HAPPY SUNDAY
Happy I got to wish happy birthday in person and happy to be returning to #wellfleet with , and Amy!
no problem boss
Polo Beach up on North Shore. Where was the orgy supposed to be at? I want an invite to that one.
YOUR LIPS. SO SOFT SO SOft
<U+201C>: When they are all you want, but they want someone else.<U+201D>
what powerpoint?
Hilarious. RT : I can't look at a person on a Segway anymore without thinking of Gob Bluth.
Lorenzo and Koko need to get off my mentions.
Hey Taylor, retweet this.
we love you. duh = )
of eyewitnesses, is considered relevant evidence to prove that the conduct was in conformity with the habit or routine practice.
I love people who beg for followers but then unfollow...okay, I think it's ridiculous. Don't unfollow if you want people to follow you.
but everything's ok right ? :)
Copper Kettle beers are brewing, pouring and bottling. Join in the fun!
hey : thanks for the serum vs. moisturizer tutorial! OMG, I love that genics moisturizer.. it's like heaven on my face
Like this if you're stoked to hear our debut release, "The Rake & Slender Man" <U+2665>
Thank you so very much, from the both of us.
It's been awhile since I've felt the burn. I need to start a routine.
RT Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville.
FULLY receiving & embracing God's grace brings total P.E.A.C.E. (Provided Effortlessly Activated Calming Effect)
Cuban breakfast would hit the spot right now
Classic Wednesday's @ One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy Hour @ your premier downtown spot. DJ MIke T spinning Hip Hop, R&B and Top 40 9-close!
#wiunion People in Texas talking about their bad news system, #EDU at
Tuesday night is a perfect night to listen to music. Come to Wicked Willy's, earn some LocalBonus points and listen to some music!...
resting my arms
life without facebook is actually better
Please shoot me if I ever say: "Oh my God! You got a new (credit) card!!"
You're AMAZING! <3
me too have fun girl
Sick. :/ Erghhhh, well, watchin Race to Witch Mountain. :)
There's a difference between loving someone and being IN LOVE with someone.
#BarcampTampa learn and share openly, not sure if it's for you? It is!
His left hand is stained with the blood of Am Dhaegar; in his right he holds the C<U+0328>a<U+0327>ndl<U+0360>e<U+0489> Wh<U+0360>o<U+0322>se <U+035E>L<U+034F>i<U+0360>ght <U+0361>i<U+0327>s<U+0340> S<U+0360>had<U+0327>o<U+0489>w.
How to look like a hot mess: go to bed with hair wet, wear pajama top, no make up, & go ahead & put some glasses on. Im looking good.
ok I will for 4 days lol...but not in a mean way! Lmao
theyre not :( they have a show in Michigan the next day
Amy looks so bad. Omg.
Oh, I'm sorry. Am I not supposed to say things that show any sort of hint of depression or self-loathing or fear? I'll go back to lurking.
Isn't it weird that I don't really like birds in real life but I like to draw them. Of all the animals
Yes, and it is Important to go.
Curious about visiting #chile. Thought or recommendations?
DS: Jim Caldwell is our new Offensive Assistant/Quarterbacks Coach
Not happy that the taxpayers funded a superbowl commercial.
Junior pitcher Melanie Mitchell (18-12, 1.43 ERA) throwing today vs. George Mason.
I love the battery life on my iPhone. My goodness, it lasts all day. :)
The rest of this tournament may show that was the second-best team in the country this year.
That awkward moment where you thought he was cute til he opened his mouth to reveal a neanderthal smile.... Ugh!
This week is the last week for Youth Competition registration! Encourage our young artists to enter at www.ghartwalk.com!
See #Stuy Alum in now! He also stars in #Glee as Wes in the Dalton Warblers.
Lyfe Jennings - Must Be Nice
gross ;p
Today's working mom dead giveaway: only bandaid I could find was tinkerbell.
I tried to DM u but was unable. email info to re: your free sponsorship offer for 3/9. thanks!
Fascinating to search who power Twitter followers are following. Look at #theatlantic followers, for example.
Long weekend.. Time to catch my z's !!!!!!!! Work early!
Watching solos from #SYTYCD !! I love him so much!! He is just more than incredible!!!
Best of wishes to Adam tonight if St.Louis wins he wins $900,000 . If you follow him on twitter u can get $15 grand,Fake?
The #ATX! #Austin is vibing on a whole other level...on a whole other Spectrum!
soo tired and have to get up early for work but not sleeping till I win for my girls :-)
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. -Max Depree
<U+201C>And all at once it gets hard to take/It gets hard to fake what I won<U+2019>t be"
You should go see a doctor <U+201C> Mine are bigger.<U+201D>
You can't be serious RT : Only in Louisiana ... Shrimp and Petroleum Festival.
Last night I was fucccckkkeddddd up
you are one of my favorite people on Twitter. And in general. :)
Oomf is a clown... Not talking about
Thanks for the RTs and
The shaytards house number was in a video and somehow people found their address Wow?
why would I be?
Real love is when you look into someone's eyes and see everything that you need.
Hello Princess.. :)
Howard greed is good was not supposed to be the takeaway from Wall Street
TCM is my pacifier....
lol, hell yeah!!
The school district needs to learn that most of us live on gravel roads, which get bad with snow. Call off school.
THX BABE!x<U+201C>: Nicki Minaj - Right by my side<U+201D>
Thank you haha that video was the first one i did check out the other ones they have gotten much much better lol :]
One more.
Atlanta educated costume designer Janie Bryant collabs with Banana Republic on "Mad Men" collection for men and women. In stores August 11.
can't wait, it will be a blast!
Ditto. RT : why is it so hard to find/buy music from another country?
Oh Jericoat, make sweet love to me! :)
Of his flaws: "I sound quite self righteous at times and I don<U+2019>t like admitting it when I<U+2019>m wrong, although I usually do."
My lil bit of hair dry af right now...
now following
they r still old... doesn't say much about the Knicks
must confess, I bought it in October. Hehe
#NP Sexy To Me by <3 hurry up and release Jumping Trains!
I'm really looking fwd to this great event! It's something to look fwd to after my grandfather's passing yesterday morning!
RECRUITING like its my first day on a new job today... SHOCKER NATION deserves it!!!
If Manning has lost throwing strength wouldn't going to SF be iffy? He'd be outdoors now on a windy field.
Start the day off with some
Got a Skate Mental <U+0001F603>
well dnt go
glad I made you sign up!
Following back RT : Follow back Josy! ;)
Call to action is a chance to prepare for our next steps. We don't stop here.
like I said Steve or will
I know not this Bryan, but have we perhaps met, in Wahlheim? I was in Europe, you know...
If I'm in an actual case, yes. But here, in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, it is a circus. And this for two weeks.
it happens! I found out I have ADHD once I got to college & once your on the right medicine it's seriously a miracle!
i pay lots of attention to italy. Big ac milan fan. They way they play the game is very similar to mls
My autistic child called a peer "stupid" today. His first name call ever. Not proud and had to discuss. It is typical but not what we want!
Awesome! We'd love to help you write something about it! DM us an email address and we can discuss in more detail?
I like when Adele was singing cause when the camera panned the crowd everybody was singing not just a select few....
I'm tatted the fuck up but I could be even more tatted
No I barely have time for my news lol What's up?
RT : Romney's best answer in weeks...
and literally just killed it!! Well done ma girls!! :)
I really wish I had a life.
thanks so much!!!
You're only happy when it stains-! Sorry-couldn't resist Katie:D (at least MKE or even a Madison show - Butch V hometown-!)
Hi! I didn't know anything about that party
my mom not letting me cum again, im really mad and so done. She like nato this n nato that. Can i meet u sumwhere to giv u
And all the while my dept chair is calling and texting me.
u said u wish u could sing like mariah carey
You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes...and by try i mean hold people at gun point, you get what you need
Thanks for sharing I love that video you sent me. Have a great workout and a blast at the show tonight!
#FF | USC's University Club offers hearty & sumptuous meals for our #USC faculty, post-docs and senior staff.
I wrote you a motherfucking essay in the journal xD
it says I am
Totally agree on that comment
Why are u all pushing Tents down our throats? We don't want no Tent Cities! #no_tents Tents are temporary!
Imma create sushi art like never before
ya i would jew.
I signed up for the LA event thru Moffatt but not receipt, confirmation...can I please have that? Very stoked.
I do Love You I love u I love u, my baby I love you so and I don't want you to go. By GQ Reminds me of blue light basement parties
Geez, why were you without power for so long?
hehe and I forgot what Beauty and the Beast was about again..
#zumba rocks ass literally
ok u is followed
There is nobody in the RMA except for working people and it makes me sad because I don't know where anyone is and I'm all lonely.
T-minus 24 days to Beer-Con. Aug 27th can<U+2019>t get here soon enough.
Had a good time at the TinCaps game tonight, especially player autographs after the game.
happy birthday to your Mom!
hahaha! Thanks a lot, and a great reminder!
me either -________-
At underground lounge.
Don't talk to me when it's warm n***a. I'll muthafucking embarrass you...
Well, thank you so much! Nice to have your vote of confidence :-)
I think Turley Curd is a moniker for Curley Turd that he knows he can't say on the radio.
Listenin to Under the Mistletoe in May ...(; lmfao <3
#best90squotes You are the weakest link, good bye
Glad you enjoyed the ice cream!
Took my iPhone out its case to change the screen protector, forgot how sexy this phone was so sleek
On my way to the Hilton for #2011grantsshowcase ; traffic is backed up on 240; going east on walnut grove instead
I really should go to bed
yes, I know just how lucky I am!!
Sending a proposal to FO on Monday for your services. Text me back ASAP.
Rebel needs clans so we can spotlight them on our website! casual, hardcore, it doesnt matter! get at for details! RT
Ok. Fast #Day1. Had to go out w/ a bang for last night. We actually took it quite easy but wine was necessary.
Android phone back on deck. Guess I'm back to tweet life :)
no not nexus revo
First day to the rest of my life. :)
that is a pretty devastating title.
follow me! Now all i need is to follow me and my life will b complete :)
i should shave my legs... hm.
Loading Justin S W A G.... 99% "Sorry, there's a problem loading. To much S W A G."
Keeping to myself
i'll regret staying up this late in the morning, ahaha.
Leave the cleaning to us!
hell yeah there sexy lol :)
At the moment, Austin's body is completely shut down except his heart and..well..me, of course.
Frappicino Happy Hour!!!! Man I love
New Music Out Now! Support your local charity! Just Keepin It Real
There are many I wish to follow or follow-back...but I don't know how to move past the 2000 friends limit. HELP?
Pool all day & Crafters $1 beer during the USA game
Workout fail this morning.
I've been too busy to tweet! How can I keep track of my life if I don't tweet?
Austin ISD takes the crown for a second time - the first question is can they three-peat?
could have been even better if they got hill in round two. I love every other pick tho. Brooks and carder are steals
It's Danger.
thanks Patrick! Make sure to use ur promo code and earn $5 for each referral, keep up the good work!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Hey mr, please let beast perform their song right now. After it, you can scream and shake malaysia untill you die (?).
"Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops." - Arsenic and Old Lace (1944)
I should teach my mom and dad tht too lol
Follow Us:
Hey, thanks for all the RTs lately!
You think #KimKardashian has been using skin care products to prepare for her big day? If she's smart she has been :-)
We're on Instagram now. Just follow, wait for it, thePPC. Shockingly different name from our twitter name. Most pics to come from Aruba.
well except for the triple jump. We both know who has the real hops here...
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! I'm sure wouldn't mind meeting her either
He stood so straight and tall a tree trunk grew within his chest, rooting him to the earth, as he roamed.
Its okay :)
One bad apple... still didn't profit from volume... no one believes they are encouraging abortion. Women need them. Always will.
you are so awesome! one of the greatest translators of lyric ever!
Above the Treeline --> Penguin Group --> DK Publishing
The key to a productive day? It's keeping one finger on the delete key to avoid getting sucked into what's unimportant. www.chadtimothy.com
More like I hate American History
Good morning everyone :)
the appraisal came in smaller. Don't wanna dis Geddy Lee.
<U+201C>: How did the banner distribution go? Have a lot of them left?<U+201D> They were all distributed! Tiger fans rock!
Hmm well I don't think I will be at the games as I have a beer fest on Saturday and Mothers Day stuff on Friday and Sunday
Hey couple taking self pics while kissing on the metro, STOP IT.
If you are doing your own pressure washing, only use the Red Tip on very hard surfaces and tough stains.
At the owensboro sportscenter, it looks like the Flint Fairgrounds Coliseum...The Redwolves play for the Flint Megabowl v. Brescia tonight!
There's still two more races on the #KYDerby card! Bet the Power and Maan look strong here.
Asserting a little control over my inbox with Outlook rules. All very elementary school. "New rule!"
I have a 2005 Acura RL AWD for sale. Only 10,000 miles! Contact me to come and take a look.
facebook sucks dick
Congrats on getting your own day!! How de we celebrate?
haven't heard much about importance/impact of content quality yet... just assumed?
I know that but if you try to search it on YT then they might not show it
If you can't make this Thursday's RefreshDC event, email us at so we can open up some spots for wait listers. Thanks!
Well, then our American-ness has served a noble purpose; yea!
Nice shot Trishe!
In backyards, waging battles with the wooden swords, but now we've stepped into a cruel world...
Hey are you gonna get a new P.O box!!?? (:
are you guys in?
do u still need one?
I understand. I'd love your feedback when you do! Thanks!
#NCSL staff says given the tone in DC, expect a big House omnibus bill addressing pensions/state bankruptcy/bailouts. States wont like that
I'm prob the only that thought there were 2 starting days for #WPTHardRock. Just pulling up. WOW.
geez, just received 3 spam tweets during #edchat in just 45 minutes...ughh , anyone else?
WTF!!! Some serious voodoo on the goal scoring.
Say anything but no
Did you know that today is birthday? Let's see if we can make the twitter box blow up today with b-day tweets!
Follow ....he follows back ..he be doin dat dressin shit n he cool n funni AYE. FOllOW HIS ASS :)
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves,but wiser people so full of doubts.BRussell
INBOX ZERO! :D
cheer up buttercup! :)
Smaller crowd than I expected at #tedxhuntsville - maybe they are late?
ok, sounds good.
Follow your twitter nose
ben shouldn't have to explain himself, but maybe they'll shut up now.
Flipboard is flippin awesome, imagine a magazine with all you are interested in and new things you now know you are interested in...
Jr sleep so having a few beers.
Harden read that shit easily
thanks for the #FF :)
I got the hungries for your love, and I'm waitin' in your welfare line.
Think you're a pinball wizard? Check out #PTL this morning to see how you can compete in Pinburgh's pinball tournament this weekend!
<U+201C>: Oh you corrected my grammar again. Tell me more about your social life.<U+201D>
Have a good workout. See you later tonight!
My pic is from when I am like 5.
I think we can all agree that "hoot" is not the sound birds make. Hashtag WHACK.
Yeah, nice and shadowy.
I'm pleased to report that my copy editor has not tried to remove my Oxford commas, which would have been a painful surgery
Nothing makes me happier than finding out that someone who is better looking than me is also a complete idiot.
Apparently I have issues walking cause my legs are covered in bruises.
Wow! Women's world cup soccer- just beat France, going to finals now! Even though the uniforms look like Star Trek.
where was it?
The secret to the perfect ice cub requires that you use hot water and a calm hand to transport the tray to the freezer.
Gracious substitute on res 11. VAUMC
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
hey, how are you...you seemed kinda down the other night
Finna Make This Lasagna Right Quick >>>
well, I was intimidated.. Lol
Cowboys gon win...
Gain better search engine rankings and more traffic with Keyword Marketing!
I am happy to report the chairs have been fixed with 2 braces to hold them in the position you set.
Good night tweeps <U+270C><U+0001F61A>
haha. i forgot you dont have a phone.... dont be surprised when you have like 10,000 messaged from me.
The cables are one of my favorite machines at the gym
Paper, Chaser
Some days are not for drinking. Some days are A&W days.
My friend in Richfield got her pix rattle too. We wonder if its the same as Clintonville's little quakes. Where R u?
Over a million signatures! 6000 from my mom's hometown alone!
Shavar Thomas to Montreal? Who's next? Pablo Escobar?
9:47 left in the Caps game...at exactly 9:47pm...omen? Just say'n...
now that u say that...yes. its true. But Im still vain, and once mine always mine I can get it again no matter ur situation
Mark Foster is from Cleveland OH - don't think he's a relation of one of the beach boys.
Follow me ill follow u
Come relax
I'm working on it!! My wife won't be very thrilled I'm sure.
Happiest of birthday weeks to a couple shining Kennedy Kids: Erin and Kristin!
Already have my homework done!
Smells like someone literally pooped in the library.
Really -- only 10! You're a terrible native. Of course you're not from the part of Kentucky where the culture comes from ;-)
Today was CUTE (: Like Him ..
The tuition remittance for a graduate assistantship is taxable income. The tuition remittance for football scholarship is not. Why?
Would love to include photos of the #bowl12 in our wrap up! Any you can send our way? Thanks!
if they do, I wasn't told. My guess is no.
you're such a tweeter now. I am loving it. We converted you! Whaaa ha ha!!
Breaking News from the Pearl reports that 24 Hour Fitness caught on FIRE CLUB evacuated?
wow, I'm playing words with friends with my mom xD
THINK BEFORE U SPEAK..ITS NT ALWAYS GUD TEW SAY WT U FEEL.PERIOD
But if that head right Jeezy there every night
athazagoraphobia: the fear of being forgotten :s
$8 back for $1 invested in safe #water & #sanitation. #Water4World Act--a sound investment! via
National Bologna Day! I personally heart a bologna sandwich. FYI: Stephen wrote about bologna and cheese in 'Salem's Lot'. Have a great day!
good luck& have fun monday! cant wait to hear all about it!!!
North Carolina need to focus on the resources for seniors and the resources in public schools!
Feeling like a million bucks im on a successful trajectory+got a new mentor to help navigate.
Thanks SO much for all of the AWESOME support on my YouTube channel! I should be putting up a new video for y'all today or tomorrow :)
Looks like the good money is on #Brady from here on out.
RT : Alignment doesn't mean agreement on everything. It means agreement to move forward with where you're at today.
why did twitter change their layout? i was really fine with the way it was before! why r you trying to be like facebook?
too!! Yes! Happy to have you! Be sure to email me!
Looking for new music.... Trying to load up my iPod:) let me know your favorites..
u da bomb!
nope but I guess I should try them. I usually eat the "BaKed" brand Lolli pops that are around LA
I see you've already been introduced to our fans! haha. Let me know if you need anything, happy to help. Excited for next week.
Damn girl u look good enough to get in tune wit.
is on to the next round of ! Another demo in 7-10 days - then hopefully on to San Francisco! Thnx for ur support!!
email me some joints.
and loving Utah St.
right now I'm listening
That's it! I'm taking the rest of the year off! Happy new year
I don't go near that site, I still think one of their trojans is what crashed my computer!
#QuoteoftheDay" <U+201C>Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.<U+201D> Sue Patton Thoele
I'm done, it ain't no fun if homies can't have none
That's a good choice!
take away the 1/2 million $ extra prize she won..
Chris: part of a team that is promoting digital access to collections (!)
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "I'm Late"
No doubt. I'm new to the area, so all new friends are welcome.
Can this weekend get here a little faster? I am dying of anxiety, get here!
Nothing gold,can stay
hit me up bro
I'm starting to get sleepy & I'm ready to go home.
To everyone making fun of Jets fans tonight because we just added extra Sanchez. Not Funny! Some of have to live with it.
<U+201C>: I'll be giving you a set, make sure they are not leaked<U+201D> Hold those photos you two. They're too good, too soon!
I'm sprung
Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!??? Wtf
I might as well be at my company picnic.
i love aubree she is so cute
OMG IT'S HOT! :::wipes sweat..grabs a coke..sits in front of turbo blaster...clicks on WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM::: AH!! COME ROCK W/ ME!!!
"and how do you feel?" ... Were all gonna get laid!!
Maybe she's finally going to concede? :plz <--that means "please?"
If ur in the #Philadelphia area, and have a great #videogame #addiction story, let me know! Starting production on a show for u
Hot cheese up front
yes...back to normal :-)
The link is up for the last game of tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and enjoy tonights game and every game in the future !!!
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
Thanks, Kate! I'm always happy to take requests, too. The newer and/or weirder, the better.
awesome, I am so glad you like the books. they r pretty cool. :) thnk u for looking!
I feel guilty Urgh <U+0001F614>
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
2 gms in Indiana,they have a shot as long as the Miami refs don't travel
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
UGK hold up
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
They performed at the today!
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Yes sir
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
<U+201C>: #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice<U+201D> we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
i feel like im interupting something. lol
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
what's up??
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
no idea
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Vanilla! :P
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
I missed you anyway ;)
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
"Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!" -- Jean Sibelius
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
collaborating and creating music #checkuout Equator Line!!!!
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
aw sweetie :(
holy jeez - trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
If you could drive a #Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
I appreciate it. Good job on KSR but please do us all a favor and take the picture of Sosa off. We still hate him
good thing that moose didnt pick you to be her new spouse.
maybe school. Maybe she heard someone at my house talking about it. Or maybe tv
NO do NOT send skittles, maybe a picture of a bag .. but buying and making skittles rich is NOT an option
the question of a real fork
I dropped a tear in the ocean The day youu find it is the day I stop missing you ..<3
i really want to go like REALLY bad i want to get front row and a meet and greet
Everyday its something new.....Smh!!
You bother me
Washington Wine Commission shows the state's wine industry is worth $8.6 billion per year, up $3 billion from a similar study in 2006.
Dear , I tried to make a snack. Now our apartment smells like burnt popcorn. #SorryRoomie! :)
#vsa2011 my mind is flying collaborations like Urban Advantage extending to the arts, history, etc. I hope so!
an angry woman can do better research than the FBI.
$$$ Check out our amazing sale$$$ www.createmoneyweb.com
will this account remain dormant at two tweets like the last one?
Things I'm taking away from the #Oscars - #Hugo and
Samuel L. Jackson & Christoph Waltz
I'd describe my mother as kind.
Btw: Happy 4th of July everyone!!! Can't wait to see the fireworks tonight :)
Ah the suspense of whether a pro se plaintiff will show up for a Fed Ct Scheduling Conf
lol I dunno if its u or my cell but changes pic from hat to brown tone pic lol
makes for ugly fingertips but easier playing ahaha
G is watching a show, set in India. Everyone speaks perfect English. We then had a long discussion about ethnocentrism.
Great to "see" you. Let's set time to talk soon.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd kiss you
Good Morning! :D
Shout out to the Baylor Bears!! Great win. Way to Sic'em Bears!
Nobody gonna put you in your destiny,u've gotta take u're life by the horns and do what God called you to do.You are the manager of yourlife
Morning lady Happy Belated Mothers Day. I know u really enjoyed yourself this weekend.
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 HOLY CRAP.
Only have 1 class with my cuzin at the end of the day, think i can deal with that.
Learn to be comfortable with yourself first before you start giving yourself away to others.
I want to kick every boy I see today because I have the worst cramps and I hate men omg.
Could of should of gone to sonics
"A gd education tends 2 B the most reliable escalator out of poverty [but] disadvantaged kids oftn dnt get a chance 2 board that escalator."
<U+201C>: "I'm giving up wine for lent - but only in Texas" - <U+201D> She told me this last night. I give it 24 hours.
Life's too short to be a downer!
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best
Hey guys tweet and tell her happy birthday ! Do it !!! Oh and let's see if we can get happybirthdaycadygroves a TT
I cried a bit :,( but now I'm going to watch wear house 13
Blisters can go to hell.
Anyone interested in meeting me to listed to some barbershop music at 7? Central United Methodist Church, University and Central
Cars are faster than bikes
"Don't give up. Normally it is the last key on the ring which opens the door."-
What can't wine fix? Nothing here.
#textingdisaster when you just get done typing a 4 page text with everything meaningful and somehow your phone manages to delete it all..
how was your day, did you cook for your Mum?
Can I borrow some sugar? Lol
Totally just got the heebie jeebies from that
such a good night last night :)
I'm a friendly person myself.
I hope you are not drinking wine through a straw!
heard on radio that $$ cuts = loss of 167 NPD officers...Tru? What % of total? Trenton has crime spike because of cuts.
Thanks for S/O let us know what you think!
Anyone else have an #iPhone 4 battery go from great to terrible for no obvious reason at about a year and a half old?
Rip Clip D
The family - that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to. ~Dodie Smith
Has anyone tried Mohdoh from Australia? It's an aromatherapy dough that you knead to release the scent. Let us know if you've tried it.
Going to Theo...be back later guys :)
Bachman promises to get gas down to $2/gallon. Right after she prays away all the gay.
Wheres the police when you need them ?
what you mean, he's a stunt
Sweet baby christmas, this fat mans snoring is far too loud and crazy for a human. I need a pokeflute asap
Miami Heat will be in the bonus to start Game 2! That'll teach the Pacers to challenge my authority!!!
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E..... Florida State, Florida State, Florida State... WHO!!!!! Big Basketball & Baseball Wins. Great day 2 B a NOLE!
next week is my last week there tho,
twugs n will. B glued to my tv
You sure, isn't out of your way? lol it was your idea, and I was just there last weekend...they had some pretty good sales :)
I hate when a tv show has a really good plot but has horrible actors.
Hey New New!!!
i loved the video it was soo cute! :)
Drake ain't fell off! Hands down!
In town for the #NRAShow? Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass! Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
United takes their 1st lead of the night, 24-17 with 8:22 left in the game...21 unanswered points for the Longhorns.
Fuck it in the trap pussy.. #idoitfortheratchets u a Foo for that one!!
Last summer >>>
Hey hey life ain't fair, three in the air if you don't care
So happy for and her new addition today :)
ok! Sounds good
hey valentine. Im going to sleep lonely, but tomorrow is a different story.
Just saw the news that Alex Gonzalez has a torn ACL...IMO if the #Brewers want to be a contender they need to make a move for a SS.
Ozzy and slash rocked the palace!
#FF The coolest NYC Marathon runner/aunt out there! Wish we were there to cheer you on again!
YOU SUDDENLY STOPPED TALKING TO MEH !xx
i've been trying for a long time to get to follow me......i not gonna give up tho...follow me<U+0001F60A>
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
in other news I sure picked a hot ass week to straighten my hair. Smh. Nearly 80 everyday in michigan. When does this ever happen?
sleep is so under rated. >.<
i go hard in the paint, boyfriend muggin' all hard cuz he can't <U+2755>
Hey, when our website just went down? That was NOT me. I was only messing with forms on the test server.
and book.
follow me jaden im ur cousin
Andy Carroll needs to be contained. He's wrecking havoc right now
Can do.
Dear North Carolina, you're breaking my heart.
no problem. glad that my efforts can already be found useful.
Thank you for coming! See you next time. :)
Hey Lube Nation, what are you more excited for - playoff hockey or baseball season?
Dress to impress! Employers are looking for someone who makes a great first impression
Pushing to heroku used to be very easy. Now with Rails 3.1 it's no longer the case
I'm upset.
Wishful thinking, right?
This year has been weird! Warm and cold off and on but probably not as cold as Oregon. Nonetheless, I found it chilly lol
Came home yesterday to the sound of my husband rapping to the kids. Very curious to see what I'm coming home to tonight.
Someone at ExFabula tonight said they fell a little bit in love with me based on the story I told about
It's a sad world when I feel like it would be pretentious of me to write a song not in 4/4 or 6/8
yes it's my cousin. Nice to hear!
I have a pool bitch
good doggy (;
$200mil opening for THE AVENGERS. Lord.
Go Cardinals!
for it, it is of little value, "River" Marilyn delivers a line that sums this principle(Sherry Argov) perfectly. These are critical lessons
Super Excited about The History of Rock and Roll Exhibit!!! We're gonna rock out with Wanda Jackson! Woman museum this Sat. Ponca City
Exactly! Number one lesson both b2 and b2c marketers can learn is that it is becoming a c2b world - focus on benefit -
I agree. Love your version of Jolene! RT NEVER cover Dolly Parton. EVER. Unless you're
Yes! MT : Where I'm from, there were a lot of old folks who were not living in abject poverty thanks 2
- I don't think so, I would have remembered that for sure =/ Sorry, you just lobbed that one over the plate... haha! ;-)
Going to #ABCA Anaheim? Stop by PBI booth 405 & demo our website for baseball academies. Increase your bottom line by using PBI!
Awesome. MT : undrafted FA story: '03 scout in room yelled "Any1 want to sign this kid Tony Romo? He's from Wisconsin." Crickets.
hey. How often is the open mic mondays
does subway taste the same in Texas?
in which field?
"Ideas are easy. It's the execution of ideas that really separates the sheep from the goats." Sue Grafton, born on this day in 1940.
Secret Society
For you, I'll prepare. And "toddler"<U+2026> just wait until you see her.
okay bye going to the hospital
#IGetJealousOf all the Korean, Chinese, and Japanese Monsters who seen the Born This Way Ball
he also wears shirts with no sleeves and drinks beer from a cooler while sitting in a lawn chair in the driveway.
Good luck at #RelayForLife tomorrow and thank you for your support!
I can bring you some hot soup :(
The North Korea / China relationship reminds me of a tale of two neighbors.
Longest 4 seconds ever
RT : My college fantasy football draft starts in one hour. I get way too into this.
The #Komen Foundation didn<U+2019>t cave to the right wing - It is the right wing. Their NEW VP: Karen Handel - anti-choice & former GOP candidate.
Don't put much stock in straw polls but nice to win last night's in Darlington. Thanks Lafayette Dems for great forum!
Firefox 11.0 for mac. Hope that's enough to be helpful...Didn't realize you had an active team working on QA!
Maybe anthropomorphizing computers is doing a disservice to our patrons.
Any mistakes you commit thru audacity are easily corrected with more audacity
Oct Sat 22 Late Arriving Headliner, Random Tour Support Band, Local Band Just Happy to Be There + DJ Spins for Drink Tickets $10
8 more school days
Police arrest EMT with Mastic Volunteer Ambulance Corp. for allegedly sexually abusing woman on the way to the hospital
The Play Offs .. :D
I'm a little late to the band wagon but I might climb on...
Doing laundry extremely late. I used to peak at noon. Now I peak at midnight. Get your shit together!
was nice to meet you yesterday!
Demi Moore just got a lot cooler... Whip its demi. Really whip its
thanks girl!
Well. The Rangers demonstrated Championship Stuff tonight. They broke the Cap stranglehold.
Working on our website
Just remembered it is Friday the 13th today. I'm a little bit superstitious about this day since I had a really bad one a few years ago.
RT!!": The Lord is so worthy to be praise..#BlessingFlow"
Thanks, Karl -- I had a very slight preview of your good work earlier, fun to see
Getting out of 2nd period tomorrow >>>>
sadly I did :)
i thought i already folloed you! Lol
Take me to Japan naooo.
I AM SO STARTING THAT FLASH MOB FOR BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN HOLMDEL AH<3
I understand. Important to think about why/why not, and not just jump on bandwagon....
awesome advice and a bit funny
did I just spot you in Baltimore? If so we want to buy you a beer tonight?
It was delicious! Made me miss you though. Hope all is well :)
Don't forget, we leave for tour this Friday with THROUGH ARTERIES to hit up all the Texas hot spots. Don't forget to come see us in action!
Can't wait for on 10th & Wells tomorrow!
you know what i do when twitter gets ridiculous? log off....
Their fans are the best in the NBA cause its the only thing to do there. That's why Hartford would be a good place.
Now THAT I'd like to see! Mother-daughter drunk faces!
take your time baby, ooh you the bomb baby. ooh you're doin' that even better than your mom lady.
202 arizona womans magazine did an awesome story on me. "I didn't realize how nice this magazine was and it's a Free magazine for the public
Of course I'm stupid. I'm breathing same as you.
Thoughts of work totally messed up my #bikramyoga session this morning. How is it only Tuesday?!
I can't with
Went ta bed round 2am woke up at 645am
Don't forget the dog! Haha. :)
don't no where u at but let me know so I don't go
At band practice instead of football tonight. Thank goodness for !!
Finally up and running in the new warehouse!!
Totally! And I love that you're and Advocate for Awesome. Ha, we have an Manager of Institutional Awesomeness in our office.
Thats such a great song!
Go ahead and talk SHIT , talk SHIT about me. Go ahead and talk SHIT about my g-g-generation!!!!!
that's a whole lotta awesome right there.
How's your Android?
Class ran late and I'm headed home for live show! See ya!
Almost done with the first day of the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Met lots of nice people. Talked about travels to UK, Denmark, Ireland, etc.
you're welcome girl :) x
Please tweet me? Iloveyou dearly and im heartbroken. Worse day ever! But you always make me feel a million times better:D
Great Day to have a beer on the Mpls patio. On Tap Summer Furious & Bender Air
#thatmomentwhen you feel like someone's lying to you but you're afraid to ask them <U+0001F614>
Thanks to my #storylines!!! #RigSoHard RT : thunder vs lakers series and clipper vs spurs series are going to be really fun to watch
Anyone else remember the Cine 2000 at Sea Breeze? What was the song they played?
Filming a movie out our house! This is going to be interesting. (: I love acting though...
Gorgeous day! Finishing my presentation outside then playing all day!
At the time of #RubenSalazar's death he was a columnist and news director at Spanish-language KMEX-TV 34
love drinking detox tea before bed.
So. Frustrating. Also, I just don't think there's a line item for this kind of thing in Infowit. =P
thank you! We are thrilled!
i just woke up and ashton kutchers twitter was up on my computer. am i sleep gay? am i being punked?
It's a good post. Something that should be obvious but I'm not sure I've seen anyone point it out before. Well done sir.
no, I turned it off like 5 minutes ago. Hahah.
We will help bring #LOVE to #ala11 this year, much like the love you speak about in your writing!
Gracias!! <U+201C>: Thanks! Great post.<U+201D>
Just another amazing day in la
"Pretty Little Liars" its finally #Aday omg so excited can't wait
Did Thad Matta really say the refs "went fast on us." Would he of rather the refs roll the ball down the court?
; Aight When I Get Off Work !
Found the #Buckeyes! Inside the locker room is kinda creepy and awkward.
Jim Sherraden at Falvey Hall in the Brown Center at 6pm. Hoping to see you all there!
New people who follow us!!
SO YEAH TODAY AND YESTERDAY HAVE BEEN GREAT DAYS SO FAR OK
ova here but gone cost skee
I have an evil thought process
Follow me and spread the word! ~swagerdoodle
thats just rude it was an honest statement lol damn
Best day ever!
Reported email issues to Justin W. and Deb H. this morning. Will follow up. Which client are you using?
So, what do you want to say to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops meeting in Atl next month?
out let's get against
<U+201C>: Brunette's love sour candies. #thehairoscope<U+201D> that's me:)
good deal Son, I might be a little occupied this weekend with company of my own...
oh yeah sure Fatah really Hamas AFTER Hamas murdered so many Palestinians connected with Fatah. What are you thinking?
uhh... I didn't drive you home last night, I gave & a ride home. You told me you'd take the Night Owl bus.
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
can we forgive ourselves as well.
and i are so f-ing pumped for to play a kick ass show!!!
Did you know a Rock Star is neither a rock nor a star. It's a greasy guy who loves leather pants and cocaine
" Real friends reach out and help each other in their time of need. At least that's what I hear"
Just went to the Grand Ole Opry - what an amazing night! I don't follow country, but they were awesome & the production was unbelievable!
yeah I just haven't been on it in like forever!
Why do I feel like it's FRIDAY?? #reorganizingbrain4Thursday<Why not re-organize the calendar instead?
You've gotta love the shopping experience at What a great concept!
word where its at tonight
yea I'm sorry :(
This is it, a new me for you
Our attendees rock! Thanks for coming! & others!
u hurd me woman
Did he say MARION Chalmers??? This is like the 3rd time I've heard him say his name like that.
ERRA pandora station :o
THINK LIKE mark zuckerberg LIKE AND ENTREPRENEUR! MAKE THOSE MICRO TRANSACTIONS/PENNIES ADDUP!
That vanity will catch up with you one day.
Just wake up and start dreaming.
preparing for tomorrow's photoshoot!
People say im an addict, got a lot of bad habbits, love smoking that brocolli and i love stacking that cabbage
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody!
Hundreds of powerful Women in Architecture! at a networking dinner together at a museum devoted to women in arts! Amazing!
man its goin down on sportcenter this morning. How the hell am I supposed to get work done
Dude i really hate bats :O
get at me in the morning and I'll hook ya up ;)
Living my life to the fullest <U+E335><U+E335><U+E335><U+E335>
So selfless of you, thank you! I'm a good swimmer, though.
Hate wha im turning into
Ok I had the weirdest dream 0.o
Hey Cynaca what's up?
Talking to this faag(;
ha ha yes it is not as awesome as the Lucy one!
Bank of America bad-loan provisions at 2007 level
Heading to Mangos to play in a few hours
Whatever I just ate did not agree with me, I think I might barf
wouldnt use the app with u just students
3. you ignoRE me always like srsly I promised you warheads.
hey James nice performance, gonna vote for u, for sure !!!!!!!!
One more hour and my work week is over<U+E415>will for now<U+E40D>
You alright nigga?
Makin flan de leche for spanish class its a caramel custard anyone know a good recipe ??
aw how come?
when unsure what to listen to I fall back to the Contemporary Singer-Songwriter station on Pandora, always plays something I'll like.
I feel like I always have issues with Hopefully this will be the last occasion I have to use it!
Be a great listener. Take a step back & actually hear what your partner has to stay, & keep your two-cents to yourself.
Wow, Duke and Memphis maybe out but at least Missouri, my birth state, is still in it. Who would have guessed March would be like this? B.B.
I'm the tongue-tied librarian from NOLA.
I hate you.
cinco de mayo class? See you there?
Happy 2012! May it be better than 2011.
Thanks, ladies! I feel so much prettier now than I did this time yesterday, somehow. <3
one of the most interesting days of my life
So happy for your new addition! George is a lucky dog! Thank you again for your support of & !
I didn't even know there were people in the US still against gay marriage. It's basically a Hitler's idea of the Jews without the killing.
Did you hear introduced Segment Builder today. Helping #retailers solve the problem of Big Data. White paper:...
- Also really partial to "Don't Carry It All" from that record.
i wanna go to the mall today and target! anyone wanna go with me? i need some clothes.
When life gives me lemons, I just say "Fuck dem Lemons" and bail lol
Especially if you're saying you're worth a mil.
finally home.. Thanking the good Lord above!! #crappyday :((
Donald and Peta in jeapordy, huge dislike!
wish you still cared like you used too.
both are great, but fall short of the golden grahams. Or fruity pebbles. :-)
I do not feel good
Mom "Now schools out, you'll have all kinds of extra time to read some books." ... ... ... BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA... Fucking no! Skyrim
Mission accomplished! :) Glad it went over well, I was thinking of you!
Sorry that you're not able to make it. U can follow the tweets at #hive11 & watch the post-con videos.
ha!! U know Matt? He doesn't run SF... Ask him to do his Julian Casablancas dance
Just feel very disingenuous getting into NHL. It is just not that cool, in my opinion.
That just made me question if you're straight or not..
Eh, not sure if he's applicable--Duncs isn't known to be dirty, stupid and dirty as that move WAS.
Why thank you, that made me smile :)
who cares about the NBA finals when the Brewers sweep the Cards and take over 1st in the NL Central?
I just want to watch movies all day
same night
100+ passer rating against him. He would fit perfectly : Drayton Florence available if #Lions are interested
I wonder if still stands on corners, watching girls go by... :)
Here's another product for you.
: my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back(:" Is daht right ? lol
please follow me i will be so happy your so amazing and your th e best thing that haass ever been born!
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift? Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift. Call 412-367-4888 to get one today.
Ahh!! Just bought our tickets for our trip to Europe :p. So excited can't wait for Dublin :))
Wishing our security guard Tony a very happy 17th Miriam's Kitchen anniversary! Our longest-serving MK employee!
#AllStaff meeting this morning at 9a.
People I go to for clothing advice? and
today is my birthday!! :)
happy birthday!!! <3 follow?
Can't wait to read next section of rewrites from ... his next book reads like a blockbuster!
Unknown: The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
just as importantly... did you like The Fray...?
RT Another myth, at least that I've found, that Americans are treated rudely abroad. Never been treated that way.
: Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature is now on Twitter!
I still have the Loretta Lynn Jack White album on my rotation. He is always so solid.
The new lime cucumber flavor of is the best flavor they've ever made. #2 is orange. I'm sure everyone agrees.... ;)
Emergency medical delivery test went well, officials say - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Totally sore and sick today, the stupid machines alarm was going off all night, doc said it's normal.. Wtfever
We did a mini-marathon after the 3rd episode. Love it. Favorite new show.
making some Tea... want some?(;
Chamomile tea, yum :3
#wellsfargo #fail #theft : Wells Fargo just 'stole' almost $1000 from me through a ridiculous exchange rate. Can't wait for
It's times like these I pray to myself Hoping nothing but to one day Be my true self
Pencils down. Glasses raised.
lotta work to do in a little amount of time
I recommend for 's Essential Startup Tools list because you can create a complete financial model in a couple hours
Jeez sorry I was just showing some love to my idol on IG, and a girl gets mad -.-
every single thing in the world aggravates you, so not sure why you're differentiating between your aggravations
I would wear my #Giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule!
my friend is talking about me on twitter, and I follow her.
lolol hunny , that's jake miler .. and his dads my eye doctor .. we saw cody simpsonn
bounce regions in place. yipee
thanks for the RT, brother!
In the 2:00 hour, listen for "Two Tunes" to win a Gift Certificate from Edible Arrangements. 99.9 FM V100 Charleston, WV!
Some people so fucking lazy! Excuse my language but damn O_o
Watching premier of Miss Representation on OWN network.
...person they would want around. But I'm there. Speaking DAILY in mtgs for parents. Holding ppl accountable. Raising ??s.
We had a blast at the Deaddog Barn last night! Nothing like a good old fashioned country beer and metal fest.
thanks for the #FF! Have a great Monday!
We're planning an interview that we wanted to do four years ago. Excited it is finally happening. More later.
On call waiting to change your travel plans? WHY? Book - you just drag & drop your event to change your #travel!
MT : In Northeast Ohio? Join me tomorrow night at 7pm for a free screening of Urbanized at Kent State's Cartwright Auditorium.
any suggestions for topics for the UpRoot blog??? Share!
Life w/kids: RT : Finished season 4 of The Wire in '10. Son was then born Finally watched first episode of Season 5 last night
I am a pig and I snort a lot
would you be up for writing a blog post for me about the myths of recycling?
I wish i would explain myself to you.
What the fuck is everyone talking about, where are the tennis courts?
yeah you can either send it to me on here or to my personal
haha, I always WAS on it, just wasn't ON it haha...
It's insane that would take so much content to FuelTV and there be no HD. Can't imagine lets that be issue for long.
Gousha: informative, thoughtful civil discussion. Showing video on Lessard case.
I got out of My car while I was in the middle of a carwash this morning!!!!
well. Don't leave us hanging WHAT HAPPENED?!!
Hi! Can you follow me? Its okay if you can't! Anyway keep doing what you are doing! Have fun with the guys! You Rock! Thanks!
welcome to the twitters!
I don't need you and your brand new benz, or your bougie friends<3<3<3
College basketball has too many one handed rebounders. You have to be a two handed rebounder.
thanks. interesting perspectives all around.
Show tonight--a very eclectic event called "Speaking Of..." at the New Hazlett Theater, Pittsburgh, 8 pm. Check it out!
I'm looking to get a couple bottles tomorrow, does anybody know where I can go & get V.I.P.??
the best revenge is living well. the second best revenge is acid in face. who will love them now?
what are u doing paying for it.. Ill give it to u for free in exchange for some tickets. Have not been to the show since March
Thanks to Sarah () on 90.3 FM for playing "Gypsy Hands" on her show! We appreciate the East Coast love!
Green and yellow.. Green and yellow!
Using a CDplayer for portable music<
Friend: You think money grows on trees ?! Me: No !!!! it falls out of the sky.
beautiful day here in Block Island going 2 ride some waves :)
Saying "no" before someone finishes their sentence.
. says gamification is effective for B2B companies to thank advocates without giving them something of monetary value
Looking for great NYC mobile presenters for our event next week. Let us know if you're interested in presenting!
The most difficult task of the day......deciding where to go for lunch!
MITT ROMNEY is quite suited for what the GOP wants. They don't NEED MITT ROMNEY because they do not TRUST MITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
About to get n this nice hot shower and take a nap, b4 Curtis come back, b back later ttyl B-)
"You didn't have to stoop so low, now you're just somebody that I used to know" Can't get that song out of my head for some reason!
i cant believe its over.. :(
Guys it was just a sneak peak of their tour dvd.. -_- ~23days<3x~
everyone should invest in a locking gas cap with gas going so high
You are amazing!
ALL THE TIME.
its today people! revo san Diego tonight!
I still draw my houses like that, maybe because my house is a box with a triangular roof.
RT RT : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: LXD on CONAN this Wednesday, Dec. 8th!!!!! GET READY!!!!! tune in :)
gets sad when people hate on Selena alot, then you get so sad when you see Justin's sad but you're the ones who cause it.
Thank you, TG!
HAHA sadly no I'm not a Belieber, although the name makes me kind of want to be...
lol. The author was trying too hard to make uninteresting social media rhetoric "different". Hate that!
#TrynaSleep but can't. To much on my mind.
That's a fair point. I hear he has a mini-Stonehenge as well.
okay and if u cant see my face really well its cause theres no light on except my tv
So confused by when I'll have energy and when I won't. Pregnancy is weird.
Jordan classic should be interesting to check out
they expected an Angie Martinez imitator to show up...I grew up in FL in an affluent neighborhood so don't have an accent...
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
Wasted Wednesday dawg
UVA's Valley of the Shadow part of DH and Black studies discussion
Thanks RT : I like this although I'd never underestimate the
You just know we are the best when X President Of The United states comes to enjoy the team of highlight reels.
Thank you for following!
i hate pencils.
Maybe joe can take us to the swapmeet up there?
Yes! Just heard their new single on the "mainstream" rock station. But I was joking about it being good.
well, if not it'll be because Stan Kasten knows better. Or because we've already relieved you of Cole Hamels
Merry Christmas to all of our friends and followers. Thanks for supporting Harmony Travel in 2010.
RT : Email this twitter post,, and win 2 tickets to Saturday's Director's Choice Mat! First 5 win!
I think we should've made the trade for A. Samuel. A 7th round pick? Yeah, he's worth that.
HER EYES SEE EVERYTHING SHE WILL FIND YOU
Hayes is bout as close as it comes these days
haha, lol so true for you
I need a new phone! what should i get? hm
Everyday is a day ON! Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
Do not use cherry coke.
we perform at like 1:58 but they ran like a half hour early today ..
thank you so much!
I have a feeling that some serious creativity will be unleashed on
As I just mentioned to a co-worker...I know what I'm told I know.
Favorite stage direction of rehearsal so far: "he rises preparing to crush her with the weight of his eloquence"-Now I Ask You
Damn! Its My Birthday and my freaking Dad doesn't call me or text me
Citations for walking and texting?!?!?
Now on to Veronica's Room in Sept. Still looking for the "Young Man". 3 other roles were solidly auditioned. Choosing by Friday.
Had a blast opening for last night yall! Nice fellas...sweet crowd. Thanks so much!
Do you guys mean outside of Juno?
AFFRM's "Restless City" opening up tomorrow in NY, Los Angeles, and Atlanta. To my ppl in those cities--please support this opening weekend!
#GrinDKinGz New Orleans based & Arkansas based wit projects coming soon
nice night:]
dangit as soon as i tweet that, the inning ends... #BYU leads 3-1 vs. #LaTech in the bottom of the 5th - winner plays
that sucks. We're local, so I kinda have homefield advantage for finding parties ;)
Forthwith is a great & highly underutilized word. Can't wait to use my youthful feminine linguistic power & slap a #vocalfry on that shit.
Thanks to everyone at Tools of Change for keeping us Tues-Wed people in the loop. Lots of great quotes
ill brb
I followed her. Can I get that DM now?
#DogTheBountyHunter I love my Leland!!!<3
Well Bye Peeps On Twitter
thanks a bunch. . just sent you the info you requested. . if you want more details.. i will be happy to provice.
yeah, it's a pretty sweet concept.
follow me so i can dm you
Is my silly gf. And she is being a poop face :/
hahaha this was a continuation of my nightly tweets. I was still up making suggestive tweets at 6am lol.
yes that is lol .. so whatsupp been a while
First four wins should NOT count towards a school's NCAA tournament wins. It looks like a 16 seed won a game. First four = pointless.
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. Fran Lebowitz
What are YOU doing to get better TODAY???
#Medeco training class - so there's 2 questions for you to think about. Done with break. Back to class. Next break in about an hour.
go Dolphins!! :)
lesson learned
I have a raccoon situation. strategizing on how to instagram this.
#florist flowers really do say: thinking of you
.. no duh .. Im always attracted to creepy!! haha .. u dont think hes hot?? he made my undies flutter =p
that's just my personality. I never wave-r.
Your brain is full of spiders, You've got garlic in your soul.
Don't know if I can watch the championship game tonight
Going on a limb here ... Rickie Weeks will get the walk-off.
If its Pats vs 49ers, baseball can't come soon enough.
That... Was julie
I dunno what this says about me but I was just overcome with guilt cause I remebered a customer asked for lemon for her water and I forgot..
sometimes i wonder out loud do we really have privacy I feel like Rockwell Somebody's watching me I got no privacy whether on land or @ sea.
I said to myself...dont do it..but I did anyway lol i made an account haha ..follow me>>>> x_XNitaX_x <<< im way to into it!! ;)
just ate and im full. Miss u all back home!! Happy thx giving everyone!!!
Don<U+2019>t let anyone<U+2019>s ignorance, hate, drama, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
Also the fact that they won't have a statue of him outside.
I hate being at school its so boring
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX
": S CLUB 7 will reunite for a series of gigs and are in talks to sign a two-album deal."
Definitely not as easy as before
Super excited to see & in Evita tomorrow!
Taking my talents to university of central Florida next year with
yea! heading to the Neighbo(u)rhood opening with some real, live Northsiders!
Just saw best use of a master chief spartan full kit....6 man drinking game..
I can't find mine
Just heard CEO & VP NA of Exlibris talk about the future of the company and its product.
Stupid question coming at you via PM *headdesk* I have the memory of a sieve.
How is everyone else doing this fine morning... Spring is in the air and it smells fresh
Yup!!!! Yall better make it back in time! RT : So Webbie on the 29th
Thanks for the mention!
well you should aleast take not of the advertisers so there money wasn't wasted, carry on!!!
Happy Wednesday
Jazz Stories starts ((((NEXT WEDNESDAY!!!)))) John Rangel at the Cooperage 7PM.
Being to lazy to get up and shower <<
Can't believe in 2011 some sites still don't allow you to save your password in the browser.
#WhatsGangster? eight letters that classify a lifestyle only certain people live.
Go follow my new account I'm gonna delete this account tomorrow night :D yeee
My pants are from The Buckle and the fit is called "Carter."
just figured out my bestfriend has a lung disease /: keep her in your prayers . . .. :D L0ve.L0ve.L0ve
I love Carters, Osh Kosh, Gap. Simple clothes that are easy to put on and are durable. I hate overalls for babies...
Can you guys continue helping tweet #ArianaDidAmazing ! Tell everyone
If I want to spend my money to watch the home team lose at baseball, ill go to the Olympics this summer.
Covering up my blonde.
you need to lol naw let me stop!!
omg yes! but I don't think I can go -_-
chances of uchellos very high
Smack.. me and my buddies are getting ready to buy tickets, what do you get with v.i.p?
Important work you're doing returning lost dog-tags to families. Doesn't the VA or Military have dept to assist with this task?
Braves are the hottest team in baseball.
Hello everyone.
"Captain Callahan" is trending? Where were all these Callahan fans when he was a 4th liner?
I love you alex. Polease rt or follow me!
Let me know if you still want to meet me after you read it. ;)
Great day for greatness
19 miles south. Completely destroyed Henryville Schools. Unreal.
by the way, we should have switched nights out at the Cell. You could've gone today, too. Yikes.
That was HARD. Thought I might puke hard.
ha! Good friends. And 3 big bottles from duty free, not helping.
so I am guessing you aren't getting my happy birthday by Disney princesses email then...
Congrats to my best friend for making color guard! If you hit me with a flag, I will personally kill you! Love you chic ...
"Hi" "Very HIGH" "Hi" "VERY HIGH" "Hi" "Very HIGH" "Hi" "VERY HIGH" kinda reminds me of
Before you open your mouth, make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
Thanks Uncle Tom.
Girls that dance >>>
We're off of 'rattlesnake hammock court' unless that was a weird hallucination? There's bloody fauna everywhere here!
New-RT It appears that the court will hear oral argument on the associational standing issues in the HathiTrust suit on Thursday.
I'd love my hamstrings to stop aching from the barre workout I did on Saturday. DOMS sucks.
Awesome beach day. Now getting ready for Cindo de Mayo madness
Me too. Must be a Chicago thing... or a snow thing.
My parents arrived in L.A. in the late 1970's. We've been here ever since. :)
Up to the second book, very hard to put the book down
President Jimmy #Carter's #mother joined the #Peace Corps at age 68.
there's such thing as church son
YAY FRIDAY!! Have an wonderful weekend :)
Kicking it at #livestrongsportingpark, got my #omarbravo bobblehead, ready to see #sportingkc fell the Timbers! Sporting till I die!
I love lifetime
I love my big sister and my big brother and nephews and niece and mi madre y mi padre!
Do you own it? Or an affiliate?
Sleep is overrated anyways
yup but it finishes at 1030. It's new on Monday's
hope it's a great day!
talking to Emilee always makes me feel better(:
Breakfast for dinner tonight! Select from a few of our day-time favorites.
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
sikkkee at least I know what the mcdonalds lady is saying
Thanks for connecting! Your tweets are interesting!
don't forget to talk about how you are greening your #event to your attendees! let them know why it's important & your efforts
I'm tryna sleep, rayle' want 2 talk, she keep taking her pamper off & she moving all around n my bed, she bout 2 go n her play pin,
i dont understand?
maybe it will and maybe it wont...time will tell
Today has started out AWESOME.
Tune in now to hear Michael on the show on ! Michael is discussing fees faced by businesses opening a new location.
What is you favorite place to eat? In texas
BOUT THAT TIME TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!
It should not be allowed in schools however it should be allowed at home. The bible teaches us spare the rod, spoil the child
has some really nice reds!
Both! Why not? RT : Ha! Votes are 50/50 on this. It's a tough call...
: Pink Floyd "Mother"
please let that nig stay locked up.
done and done and done :)
90310: Inglewood, CA
hi can u follow me
Look for ASP at the NAA conference in Dallas
Oh, you have a British/Australian accent? Excuse me while I take off all my clothes.
Yea, I just saw you had already tweeted it. What breed is she? I like her coat
Red Space Gallery is movin' on up!
Headed to an audition.. Prayers going up!!! Love acting.. Getting to relive my cheer days!! ;-)
Put a smile on ma'am.
great day today, lots of cool stuff done... www.starlightstudiosorlando .com
It's like the parting of the orange sea! WTF!!
RT Give a basic bitch some followers, and she thinks she's the shit
works for me!
In the one year since I was licensed to practice in Illinois my first chair verdicts and settlements total $905,984.65.
<------ FOLLOW THE ORIGINAL ' to the mahomies ' account! :-)
absolutely dudes. can't wait. :)
WHAT TYPE OF FOUL WAS THAT.
who called you?
i get annoyed when you fakes spam my mentions get the fuck out my mentions -_-
Its the journey, not the destionation : )
SO TRUE! Thanks for the reminder (as I chug my coffee this morning).
So, this is happening.
I am watching Betty White's show for the first time. Dying of laughter right now!
aw that sounds nice :)
WOW what a weird 1st round. Indiana advanced, Chicago eliminated, and The Boston Mummies knocked out Hotlanta.
Hey beautiful girl
My friends are crazy, I really love them.
Are you a research professional or a professional who does research? Our research suggests most of us are tasked with research regularly.
Lunch: Wasabi Chrispy Chicken with homemade mashers anyone?
Find the ways to distribute what you produce
Thanks for the follow! :D
SHAMEFULL! I FEEL UR PAIN RT : Don't lock your doors when I walk past ur car lil old lady...I don't want nothing from u! SMH
Woo i got the job! :)
tweet the information or link so our followers have it please!
Twitter is so fucking lame now..........
is a BUSINESS and they respond to whoever screams LOUDEST/MOST-Get people on your side and THEN YELL!
thanks for the add!
Marta plays for Buffalo. No way they were going to win.
The funny thing is, you're responsible for about 1,200 of them.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen Everybody Up-daten Sombody About Who Got Shot
Great #SWE Board call tonight - I'm excited about all the momentum we have toward achieving our FY12 goals like outreach and membership
Kameron Woods with the dagger three after two offensive rebounds by Smith. Butler leads by five with 18 seconds to go.
No need to be nervous, it won't hurt a bit
haha,your welcome! im cool like that
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... "Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep."
agreed. I bet if he killed me everyone would just be like aw and then move on
ok I was just ask'n hehehe
OART goes weeks at a time with no volume..only 7k worth of stock traded yesterday
Time just needs to slow down.
is this the start of a twitter addiction??!
Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, dressed in red man in la carreta
Great to see you on Twitter Judith, I hope to study with you in NYC someday.
Le Liban and Al Quds. Just a cooler way of saying Lebanon and Jerusalem
The April issue is going to be out biggest ever.... Got some HUGE interviews lined up today and tomorrow...stay tuned!
I Jus Wanna Show You How Much Im Dedicated To You. .
ever coming to Maine ?!
I use Vitamix and love it. Btw, getting on a summer cleanse soon...any yummy shake recipes I should try out? :)
i don't think he can do it.
Is that seriously 50 Cent and Beiber w Mayweather??
Please Please follow back :o)
Awesome team outing today with my Recruiting Team. Thanks, !
Ha right. We can swing by & pick it up. We could really use it back actually.
DAMN THE NIGHT IS JUST RIGHT WITH THE GUYS OF TO RUSH!
OMG IM JUST LIKE HREIKFHGRYUEIWDFRHY3UEWJDNF! AH JUSTIN!
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let it go"
My pleasure. has an amazing comm team.
Messing around with Qik still!
Your tweets make my bad days better haha RT : RACHEL RAY KILLIN THE HUMMUS GAME ON 30 MIN MEALS RN
Congrats to the Grad students for winning the President's Cup! Come out to Beerball next Friday when we celebrate, woohoo!
You need to schedule a field trip!
Clearly the difference in the Knick Heat game was the absence of Jeremy Lin.
hahaha I don't have a Klout, silly!
Is it possible?A meeting of educators who have vowed not to use the word "parent" in order to keep the child as their main focus?!?!
Instagram filters: making people appear to be sexier than they really are since 2010...
I don't know how or why I put up with your shit for so long.
4 out of 7? Sounds like they got fired from the Post Office for being too efficient.
Ya welcome. ;)
I wish I could cheer you up. :/ I hate seeing close people sad :(
your pancakes are awesome! you should try #lowes for good music
Bed rest all day 'til classes resume. What a boring life.
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 6PM | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#YOURATTENTIONPLEASE go follow because they are freakin amazing! And cuz she followed me back <U+E057><U+E04F><U+E052><U+E053><U+E524><U+E52C><U+E52A><U+E050><U+E531><U+E527><U+E051><U+E10B><U+E52B><U+E52F><U+E01A><U+E134><U+E528><U+E530><U+E526><U+E529><U+E52E><U+E10A><U+E525><U+E523><U+E520><U+E054><U+E307><U+E308><U+E13F><U+E140><U+E104>
not getting anything done
lol go ahead
Thanks for the support! :)
yay! I love it out here :)
what up dawg??
it's so sad rt now. I still believe & have faith in our team, but my heart hurts 4 R MVP! He bn through so much!
yea lol i like you guys lol
<U+201C>: Update: Bulls confirm Derrick Rose has a torn ACL and is out for the playoff - NBC Sports<U+201D> that's BS!!
RT Thank God for Steve Blake!
about to attend my last class in america, hopefully ever. unless i do something stupid and decide i want to take postgrad classes again.
So what are your new years resolutions?
Um, this one not an NPR show, either. RT: : We got "The Splendid Table" at IKEA.
We have a 'break', then we're hit with a 3-day long state test when we come back... really?! then another 3-day long state test NEXT week :p
RT : I believe that without improving ourselves, the battle to improve anything else is highly unlikely.
(I may have had coffee for lunch)
Busted out my shorts today. Yay for Spring!
shoot you probably right!
I Can't believe my brother is already graduating from high school..
eating on duty *laugh out loud*
I think my subjects are just naturally small -- rooms, people, words. perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced.
call me mean it wont make you nice
you say #neversaynever but your never going to read this :/ and you will never even know i exists :'(
RT : No homework for the next couple days: quick trip to and then to #TheMont done and done.
I think John Stark was reincarnated...
I'll be there later if we can go to your room, idk about everybody else
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to be strong even when your world is falling apart
O gettin sauced tonight huh??
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists to support translation and interpretation requirements for U.S Army. 281-616-5711 for info.
To my fellow Washingtonians: Groupon has a discounted membership to the Newseum today, which includes unlimited admission for a year!!
don't forget to take full advantage of Horrock's free samples. I remember when that place was little more than a produce stand.
New clinic space ready for the move in this weekend. Grab your packing boxes Shriners Hospital is on the move!
LIKE A BOSS
She sucked the skin of this dick you shoulda seen this bitch!!
Hi there, let's connect on facebook... www.facebook.com/jimnkyles
nice what studio is that? and ya gonna be in LA next wknd, ill be out there
I ain't gonna lie, reason I hate the Lakers. They've been good for so long! Lucky fans
Agreed! Very informative.
Sad #WE11 is over but happy it was so successful. I can't wait for WE12 in Houston. Congrats to all awardees
Good Afternoon! Today's specials: Carne con papas....a costa rican stew. Tuna melt on croissant. And chicken with rice & veggies soup.
Okay. Bring me some food
It's official - I love shooting a gun.
that's why it would be rude! Haha
: Long day! "Talking #KYderby, the races and parties... tomorrow around 7:40 a.m. with on 102.3 The Max..."
Bird-phoners: In honor of Audubon's b-day, the Audubon Birds app is on sale for iPhone or Android for 99 cents through Monday
I as well. Hope to possibly see you down in San Diego sometime? :D
of course. :)
This looks pretty interesting. Any idea about the coverage of small or tiny businesses in this dataset?
RT if your Online And A Mahomie & Acon. -Ally
No they are playing like the lakers when dallas swept them last year :) Hawks always start fast and fade faster :)
Yes. Glad it stopped raining, the sun is out now!
Thank you! And how are YOU doing?
": This shyt done got serious they knock at my door n shyt" that Gamespitta shit
Happy <U+03C0> Day! How are you celebrating?
Prom time and on a cruise!
Beautiful day in San Diego and busy day at Ameba. Life is good!
Chile Relleno Friday Huge Pablano pepper filled with grilled chicken, veggies,mozz.cheese and lighty crisped. Only while they last!!
Follow me n i'll follow bck tryn to c how u do twitter
can you follow me?(:
I can't take back the words I never said....
Bagel with blueberry cream cheese
Thanks Pastor Matt! :)
Boston cream pie yum:)
Happy Leap Year! Treat yourself to a glass of wine today at lunch! Once every 4 years doesn't sound bad to us!
Such a stressful game today. Thank god they pulled through by 1. Go CATS. Love you UK
iphone <U+201C>: RT if you're touching an Apple product. #SteveJobs<U+201D>
no she said Tia tweeted it yesterday.. She said they want more money
just got word that our albums mixing is now done, now just waiting for album art then to cd baby and Itunes we go! ;)
LIN THESE!! Another sportscenter trick to keep you watching. He hasn't played anyone and L A doesn't count bc derek fisher sucks balls.
thx for sharing our post!
Sending out a mailing for our sweet April Break Camps!
just hit 1 million members! Talk about an amazing feat in just 5 months.
<U+201C>: Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest. -Matthew 11:28<U+201D> favorite verse (:
Alright alright Alright!!! (in my Kevin Hart voice) Its about time to bring out the winter coat!!!
Its friday. There is a new M83 album. I finished my reading. And did I mention its friday?
A: DARLING LITTLE BUGGER!! B: Compiling suggestions now, muahaha [Voldemort laughs]
all melted now!
rollin me one gettin ready for the #BGC8 reunion...... its about to go down...
don't do it. Try the gum first.
waddduppp twitter. entertain me ;)
It's been a long, but productive day! Time to
I think I found her because of your blog :)
I just finished a 2.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
You need to step up your tweet game bro.
Good Morning! We've made it to the middle of the week. How is your week going? You can still make some adjustments to make it even better!
Yes! And/or with local HS robotics club, too.
ah --> "which rapper and part-owner Jay-Z helped design."
woah woah. When did I say I was Peeta?
Congratulations to you and to all the cast on the Last Friday Night Video! SUCCESS!!!!!
The Pens had a tough stretch of travel in the last week, but they will rebound tonight in Montreal.
Hey thanks!!! So cool!
Me: I'm gonna do my homework & study. Austin Mahone: No, stay on Twitter & fangirl over me.
L-Train!
Off to the plant sale at the Celebrate #EarthDay!
Fair enough.
Job Security? RT : My breakfast this morning was a chocolate chip cookie that the dentist's office gave me...because hey, WHY NOT?
what Warren-ethnicity issue?
this bernie mac show still funny...
That's great, Heather!
Together we're a combined mess, lol!
"Wow. I wish I could speak whale."
cuz I feel that way
Teleportal Readings tonight! Hope to see you there!
5 guys burgers and fries is the best but not as good as you <3
watching the washers scene on Utopia. Not nearly as intense and heated as our legendary matches.
which location? But average either no wait to 15 min hat early!
I hate it when my hand falls asleep
I think it is funny. People are too precious. The man is a great footballer without a brain cell. What did people expect?
Big show March 10th @ Mr.smalls tickets are $12.
Ok, these mice are just getting brazen. Wandering around in broad daylight?? With people nearby?
Tuesday is guest revealing day! Put in your guesses!
so glad you weren't really posting bad things about me ;) sorry you were hacked.
happy mothers day xo
that is so beautiful... I'm so jealous! Are you a master sailor now?
call me
Hunger Games Film comes out this Friday!!! Woohooo!! Who's going to the movies?? I know I am! Bringing the Asian crowd Friday ^_^
I beg to differ. So would <U+201C>: Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.<U+201D>
Irish writer Kevin Barry followed by pints of Guinness and table across from Graydon Carter at the Waverly Inn
Congrats to a great restaurant!
the hell you asking me for?
Proud of who you raised up. You know that I will always be here till' the end.
Sounds like Bing hired one of the co-founders of Cuil, which was a "cool," but poorly marketed, concept of former Googlites .
Thank you, Lisa!
rasberry milkshakes are the best! :D <3
U never a product of ur environment
not enough room in my tummy- maybe tomorrow? Love me my #
hey jeremy. great sound :) i like it!
Scatttta as if I had a clutch on a magnum
Our mental and emotional diets determine our energy level. Every thought and feeling, no matter how small, impacts our inner energy.
no your not your just sayin that cause i be bitching at you for it!! please go to school for a better
let's do it.
i know exactly Whatcha mean!
Automobile extended warranties are not worth the added cost. Profit margins for these are as high as 75%.
Met a guy in owensboro who had heard of ben davis. What a small world. #bdnation yeah I said it haha
Gotta be a
when you go an outdoor school and it's raining outside -___- <
#andypoll: "I didn't know they still had libraries with like the internet and everything."
Seems like the second half is twice as long as the first!
RT : She bears you nine months. She bears with you the rest of her life.
*Caldwell RT : So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
Subway then school.
Fantasy Baseball Draft...
just keep spreading the word about us and we will come to you!
bout to take my ass to work cause if u dont work u dont eat u dont grind u dont shine...
Proud to announce that Stereophonic has acquired an independent domain name: StereophonicNews.Com.
And now a gigantic FUCK YOU to all the twats that said the Magic would be swept. Suck it hard.
Didn't even know it was April fools day
Just landed in Detroit for my layover. They better have wifi and a Starbucks. Or else . . .
My fave thing these days is unfollowing "socialites". Pity their lives. oh, boy, am I gonna get slammed for that one! whoa baby!
Y do i keep fucking up
great day in brek. amazing fans! team rsh in control. one to go.
Word of advice... If you schedule a meeting with a potential client and you do not call or give notice of cancellation, all around bad biz.
There are way too many songs about getting high and drunk to solve your problems.
RT Peyton Manning will work out for #Broncos today at Duke University. Indoor facility, as of now. Part of process, per sources
#smbhou Klout is a very rough tool. Some truly influential folks have really low scores and vice versa.
RT : No, you're not in control. LOL // I knew it!
monday, tuesday, WEDNESDAY!! #ijusttoldthefishstory :)
I completed my card with "palatable" from Rep. Westrom. Guess I narrowly beat you out.
#Ginger is effective in relieving motion #sickness and
Is the phrase "Brand New" considered an insult???
Designer, JHANE BARNES, in person at J.S. Edwards on Thursday, November 3 at 6 pm to 8:30 pm
Just a few more mimutes to get your Thors light tee for only 12 $ www.tshirtcontest.com
Goodmorning :) in and hour here comes the funnest part of mt day
You should really go retrieve that suit of yours. You're going to need it. You shall not protest in overalls.
rappin over beats
It is ridiculous that Ohio State suspended football coach Jim Tressel for only 2 games. I guess all that matters to OSU is you beat Michigan
Watching "Think Like A Man" in a ghetto ass theater and observing the couple in front of me is hilarious.
Reclining, bare skin, in the rain. Each drop a caress. Bliss.
I LOVE Hayley Williams!!! <U+0001F49C><U+2764> Like you guys don't even understand how much! I would prob die if I met her! Seriously..
nothing at wrk bored
Great Quote! We featured Ms. Sirleaf in our Children's Gallery this year.
Glad that traffic on my way to work today isn't too bad
Ewww, John Mayer seriously needs to reconsider his Grammy look...
Where Quality is not only alive & well...but THRIVING...
made my easter
I'd be interested if I qualify, which I might not.
Really? 6' exactly is not longer tall, so there should be lots of men taller than you. My mom was 5'11" ...
<U+201C>If you do what you<U+2019>ve always done, you<U+2019>ll get what you<U+2019>ve always gotten.<U+201D> ~Tony Robbins
Huh, wasn't the world supposed to end? I didn't notice till I checked my inbox saying, 2012.
Help! This vegetarian editor is putting together a list of the best beef burgers in Westwood-CC. Any ideas...?
Checking out the updated on first look I love the updated dashboard. Lots of focus on engagement social & mobile.
hahaha me too!!!!
hm sweet crunchy crackerjacks ...the prize inside is a job!
Welcome to Twitter :)
Head of Company Culture , Andrew Dolan, asks: "What if your building helped you work?"
Just got home from #mocca, and sorting through things.
Thanks Evan! Let's keep in touch. I've learned a lot from talking to you over the past couple years.
I'm still up tho, haiii.
well said man
I'll look into that tonight man
Vancouver Winter Games..<< heating up tonight>> womens mogel! Go USA!
WOW!! THAT MATCH WAS NUTS!! SO MANY LEGIT SHOTS! YOY COULD TELL! THIS IS THE ONE TIME I ACTUALLY RESPECT CENA!
Good luck to senior Andrew Larkin at the Maccabi Pam Am Games in Brazil!
Marketing "geeks" meeting today with
Can't entertain idiots
Great conversation with at Amplify event
what happen to simple strings
DM I am curious what your company is. We are looking for a supplier.
Reflecting on life
oh yum. i need to get my butt over there for a good bagel sandwich
You know you have test anxiety when an open notes quiz on the syllabus causes a bit of uneasiness.
doing what LOL RT : this is gonna sound perverted... but i wanna work in a late night video :D
yo you heard any hard confirmation on whether no way back was shut down?
just now tonight! haha INCREDIBLE Jerry Meals deserves to be fired! Didn't even bet on it but this pisses me off
we could make a killing!
See y'all... Stop with the brooms
Did you know that over 55% of small business in the USA are home-based? Learn how to join these entrepreneurs....www.thehome-office.com
thanks man!
So sweet --> ": So excited for a date tonight with my beautiful wife "
- Thanks for inviting The Tiger Report to partner with you!
too much strobe!!!!!!
Chapter 2012 Page 102 of 366 Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. Langston Hughes
just heard "the only thing internet explorer is good for is downloading other browsers!" lol what video were you watching?
Love: "it doesn't last". PEOPLE: "they change fast". LIFE: "No matter what happens, it still moves on"
Can't wait any longer for homecoming week
OMG. OMG. OMG. I can't even handle the thought. Ahh, this is gonna be amazing. I just want a picture of them. Like for real.
you don't love snoop dog just love him for his doggy style. Haha
10"4 brah don't stop the grind stay motivated
We don't stop <U+03F7><U+0139><U+0101><U+03B3><U+03AF><U+03B7><U+050D> because we grow old; we grow old because we stop <U+03F7><U+0139><U+0101><U+03B3><U+03AF><U+03B7><U+050D>. <3
Well, hey fellas!
the self/sings alone
#4HOURS3MINUTES37SECONDS i'm going CRAZY HERE!! Fkfhjfitghgjiohjfk!!!
I know i hope somebody saves her. Maybe she got the tape loose from her hands & can swim. I hope she will be safe.
reflecting on teacher appreciation week, and i can't single out just one teacher. so many have had an impact on me, my goals, my life!
Everything is hockey and I don't care
Went to a "Black Thai" event last night. I was the only guy in a FUBU kimono.
I am incredibly impressed
Rick Stansbury may be a Kentucky native but he's close to being un-welcome round these parts.
Losing weight! YAY~
Not revolutionary? Taxes.
RT : RT : Forgetting whats behind me and move on -
Hey Eva! Saw that you followed us! Have a great day.
you arent far. I can make that trip
Dream Big and Believe! The best advice I ever got. How about you?
Can you please follow me? I'm a HUGE fan.
I just saw the #monstermash video! U guys were awesome! :D <3
Thank you everyone for all the donations toward #tornadorelief! We are no longer accepting donations. Thanks for reaching out, OKC!
<U+263C> No man is free who is not master of himself...
I texted you.
Mom, food sounds really good right now.
you wanted me to hit you back
why isn't Real Madrid going to be one of the teams to be In the #FIFA12 demo?
A quick way to tell that you're non-profit culture is OK: How often do people burst our laughing?
RT : At the #SFGiants vs #Rockies game, go
A new book review on "Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Journey," can be found on "Goodreads."
Its going to be a good day after all...im kicking this days ass!
RT is the perfect place to study for my finals! Thanks! Good Luck on your Finals
I miss my buddies in Hopefully Blake and Aaron come see me soon :)
Don't waste your love on someone who isn't worth it
All in all it<U+2019>s been an amazing week so far
They are opening an additional location in Carmel
Choreographing 'Up All Night' for concert 1 week earlier
It is wonderful seeing people up here in Pittsburgh, but I am so very ready to go home
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Saturday means Art + Design Night in the Design District. You DO plan on being there, right?
first row of 2nd balcony!! Where u at?
Do you ride ? And yes those are my spiffy wheels. Love that bike. The frame, the wheels, everything!
thank you for following!
just started a workout?
What even is life today.
Please schedule another USA alum get-together in New York; it's been a while.
I don't think I've ever had a better spring break than the one I've had this past week and a half. :) I'm so blessed and thankful!
Can't wait for that day!
I told u falu had a live bat. What a great moment for falu
Registering your business' trademarks and service marks with the USPTO can get complicated. Email for assistance.
4 ur inspiration. Mentioned U & the Steelers in my sermon as we head toward the Superbowl of Christianity, Easter!
After a 19 year career, 17 with the #RedSox, Tim Wakefield is hanging em up today. Glad he got to 200 wins last season.
So I'm in Lawrence Central high-school above the ceiling. I hear scratching behind me, turn around, and what does my flashlight catch? Coon
"Justin Give Us Jerry!" Alfredo: "CODE PURPLE, CODE PURPLE!" Scooter: "Please..no.." Pattie: "BIBLE QUOTES" Justin: "OH MY BELIEBERS."
option 2 in re to feeders+ some 7 to some revisions
Lunching out with and
"You are the light of the world - like a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden." -Matthew 5:14 (NLT)
What's Pujols' deal? why was he running in the whole time?
he plays 27 minutes a game, puts 12 points up, almost 2 steals, 4 rebounds. Puts a playmaker, instant spark on offense.
my car looks like a golf ball after last nights hail storm. anyone else?
and terrifying!
I will be traveling to NYC tonight to do more Jersey Shoresical!
Hey! Will you post your weekly cable ratings? (Cable top 25) Or is it delayed because of Labor Day?
I've been searching for everyday Syrah. Just ordered a six pack. Hoping it's a 10 for me!
Watched #UFConFOX for the first time with on Sat night. 1) this is on network TV? 2) why watch anything else
SOMETIMES DA ONLY WAY TEW SUCCESSES IS TEW GT OT YO COMFORT ZONE.MEANING IT COULD B RELATIONSHIP WISE.FAMILY OR FRIENDS
Challenge Preview! Get ready Chispites. Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge. Lets just say, there is wine and food...
i know. i only did up to 25 tho. i think there is 36
this guy tried to sell me a steel mace for 75 gold. Last time I checked a mace was made from steel and wood. Its not the Axe of Whiterun.
I'd add libraries to this, too. MT Grantmakers want to help your #nonprofit succeed. Learn how to partner w/ one.
Oh yeah...hockey player...I knew that! (Not.)
I do but with my new job it's nice to know I'm not missing out on his tweets. Thank goodness~
shocked the didnt use 3rd rd. on OL. Any other plan they have for that area you know of?
SHdc launching soon, are you are an up and coming or seasoned poker player? Want to have your story told? Let us know!
steal one of his hair brushes in revenge. :)
'If you want others to like you, become genuinely interested in other people' - Dale Carnegie
"don't listen"? No wonder you're broadcaster of the yr. Definitely a smart businessman trying to run off listeners.
05 Kaesler #Shiraz The Bogan (revisited). Becoming more elegant, in addition to concentrated power. More smoke, spice, tobacco. 96 pts
Austin is having the most amazing #lightning storm!!!
i am about to give u her number 314 565-6927
bout to shower &than hop in the pool :)
Skype is good! is doing great things with Skype.
Aw...Mahalo! We're honored to be a part of such a great community! #LuckyWeLiveKauai & Mahalo to you as well!
that's almost as bas as ppl that graduated in 04 and still have hs football pics as their default.
how long are you in Dallas for?
When you are out tonight, look up! The moon will appear bigger and brighter than usual!
Most def. I've been eyeing his page to see if he's coming to Chicago or Milwaukee so we can go.
the world would be a much better place if more conversations had #Zune awesomeness in them.
My boy eddie alvarez is back!
Good looking pencils? You found my weakness.........
Thank you Janet! I sure hope that your Friday is going well and that you'll have a very sexy weekend! :-)
its a beautiful day in tennessee(:
aww, good to hear from you too. Let me guess, team Santorum?
Just listened to tell some funny/inspiring stories!
go lady go! 26 hours and 22 min!
... by tricyclic antidepressants seems to be dose-dependent. Treatment should therefore consist of discontinuing ..
Just took a moment to answer my first #stackoverflow question in 5+ months. A little scared of catching that bug again.
P.P.S. Methinks she dost protest too much...
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza I am hijo of parents American and Mexico
Yes, please.
haha! I can't decide whether the mullet is worse on men or women.
Dnt trip they gone win the ring
Stomach making weird gurgling noises.... why am I hungry?!? I had a big dinner!!
The hubs is finally back so now I can focus on gearing up for a busy weekend starting first thing tomorrow mornin' TGIF!!!!
not worried about a thing...
she says you aint noo good but you feel so good
New logo looks great !
yeah tell me about it, my husband is giving me so much grief.
I'm relating to Bridget Jones a little to much right now.
great pic. What a way to ring in the New Year!
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Thanks to JD/MBA Katie Imler who helped me prepared today's social media presentation!!! Brilliant!
Hey Jack always enjoy your insight. keep up the good work
If raul gets up were takin the lead watch
Thank you soo much :) We'll have a new single out soon entitled Words Well Chosen so keep an eye out!!
Look forward to your tweets! Love your hats!!
ABC family movies and Chipotle.
Thank you so much for the ReTweet for "16-Love"!! It's a great movie! x
This was Skype. I think you added the lavendergirl68 one as well.
I have a taste for sum #friedfish.. Who has the best in the A<U+0001F374>
2 Day's Food 4 Thought: Children will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u loved them.
Fuckin again, nah imma show you what u had & throw that shit in your face!
Dreading tomorrow. Fuck school. Fuck "love". And fuck the police.
in '96 me & my best friend drove 12,000 miles in 36 days to visit 16 ballparks. 7 of them have been replaced now.
lol love u all too!! <333
Well, I'll be damned! You're right!
Start of Week 3 tomorrow at BHOF. Working on rehousing pennants now, they are amazing. Hall of Fame Classic on the 21st. Great weekend too.
OTOH, fever is highest it<U+2019>s been all week.
2 "Ep's" & a RMX finished this weekend! One more to go & then a break:-)
Ok I guess I need to find a stylist to work with no. Been in stasis for too long
Meh, nevermind. I'll probably just get a fish instead.
Somebody hmu bored ass fuck right now....
#MakeItSo <U+201C>: I think he should pose in speedo, on beach, w/ kitten & champagne bottle.<U+201D>
Tragic. RT : Just met my one true love walking through the merch mart. Too bad I lacked the courage to ask her what her name was.
So much man meat in Towson town center today..
Correct! Armistice=Peace and the U.S.S. Maine was actually sunk supposedly by the Spanish in the Spanish-American War.
that true
Tina Fey looks GREAT tonight - one of her better looks
A2. Perception is often fueled by poor communication or lack thereof. Different volunteer groups have varying purposes & goals
no where can you get it?
RT : Nyc friends! A friend of mine needs to move ASAP. Anyone know of an apt for rent or sublet? Thanks in advance!
Working on all of yesterdays shoots and getting ready to go shoot a Salon.
Does anyone have my copy of Yes Means Yes? Or do I need to buy another copy? There are worse fates than spreading good books into the world
Okay, so is it the same login information as last time? Can't wait to converse with you all...
Sometimes I get to thinking like "Is there anyone out there that's not full of shit?"
As a former student of Steve Arch, is it weird that I have no love for Cooper?
Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. 2 Peter 3:13
GO GET EM WOLF RT : Time to go skiing brothers! They outchea
Smoke em if u got em!
God<U+0001F60A> RT : I'm the type of person that will try make everyone smile. But when I'm in need of a smile, who's there for me?
hey do you club?
Happy #VeteransDay thank you to all the soldiers/troops!
I now see why the GOP wanted Voter ID laws. They can't even run their own primaries correctly.
Thanks for coming out last night!
'Enjoy the best things in your life cause you ain't gonna get to live it twice.'
Weinstein's game reminds me a lot of Wes Welker.
Thanks for including me in your paper!
Just like anything else in life, the opinion
Oh Folly Beach.
So there's a sick 10/20 game at Bellagio, guy offered 2k to people at table for seat, he's got 0 takers. 1 Macau fish, & 2 other fish
where are you located?
I just asked B to stop moving my iPad screen since I'm trying to work and he said, "No, I am trying to work!". Busy little guy I guess...
Did you see him fight in UFC 126? INCREDIBLE!
" Bout go chill with the brothers "
im mad boared quick questin you play video games by any chance???????
Tissue box #4. Another one bites the dust.
thats awesome.. & gets my vote for fact of the day
Health, Friends and Chicago RT : Q6 #Foodiechats The sun is about to set on our #BeachParty What should we toast to?
Happy Easter to all who celebrate. Happy Passover to all who celebrate. Peace to all.
True, but any violence Wilders' presence could incite wld originate w/ the Imams, not with him. He has never proposed violence
Opposition i meant creek
I had never felt this way before.
I think your cute, but I don't have the audacity to tell you <U+0001F614>
Getting back on track this week.
I'm going to start a Blog and its only going to cover my daily bowel movements.
Yeah, Cody mentioned it on his page though, but it's next week so it'll be here before we know it! :D
lol i screamed when i got them too!
I love when coordinators who love me are closing...
Chillin with the boys
've been to Raleigh 3 times. A magnificant place with much to do and see. Lovely people. I think this is a karmatic home.
Whoa, this is an interesting (and wickedly smart) alliance -- Microsoft, AOL, Yahoo! Combine Advertising to Fight Google, Facebook, Christi<U+2026>
At the end of the day if you think no one loves you, learn how to first love and appreciate yourself...
Crispy fried oysters tonight, come get them!
No problem. Will take a look at e-book.
Helping my baby juwan get more tweets <U+2665><U+2665>
Thank you!
I know something you don't know.....
I agree! Not sure whether they exist. I think no, but maybe I'm just showing my ignorance. Anyone else?
Looking forward to lighting some candles... Someday when I find my lighter...
but I'm not 100%! We did that last year so don't take t word for it! Wouldn't want you to get something wrong cause of me.
has anyone been able to log in to the Technorati admin section? i got an invite but haven't been entered into the system yet.
uhmm..I'm the one informing you..pretty soon I'm going to stop telling you because you keep beating me up in your sleep!!
you guys are both beautiful <U+0001F339><U+0001F33A>
An 8:30 (E) start time for Game 7?!?! Wow. Didn't expect that one. That makes life easier for me around here tomorrow.
RT : Don't forget! chat at 1pm TODAY - GIVEAWAYS & PARTY!
Looks great!!
And I'm back off my bar stool. Get this done, mofos.
So... how many hours of sleep have you actually gotten this week lol?
yes let's not go down that road
On life's journey faith is nourishment, virtuous deeds are a shelter, wisdom is the light by day
Mitt Romney began to disdain his front-runner status when he heard that Newt Gingrich got to lay-off so many people.
No parking from 3pm until midnight on E Preston Street (Charles Street - St Paul Street) for a movie shoot.
It was an easy pick last year when Vegas made the public jump on Pitt...but this year I'm not sure...I'm leaning NE
This sucks!
Thank you so much for posting that!
I popped my neck wrong and its been hurting for over an hour...
Thanks for sharing Rachel's post, Alex! Hope you're having a wonderful week!!
":oh really so it should b perfect when u take the plaster off then"<--HOPEFULY! I heard it can b still swolen... so We ll c!
I <U+0001F49C> you & - thank you both for all you do to push us
at this lil hood lounge out west
MLK Jr. killed it, nailed it, etc with "Letter from Birmingham Jail." #Impressive to read first-hand.
"The Perfect Gettaway" Good movie overall, but the ending... ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? It turned the movie into a comedy?!?!
totally packed and very festive! Great day in #Fallbrook!
ok I like this.
<U+201C>The aim of marketing is to make selling superfluous.<U+201D> ~ Peter Drucker
Holy God I still can't believe Morris' shot went in. I hope he said "eff it" right before he took the shot.
What is your favorite pizza topping(s)?
good day today...much better than yesterday! Cute guy ordered a crazy banana split but was super nice about it.
Waka waka she she la do.
Just erased three ppl numbers
#liamlovedirectioners SCORE! What a nice man...
Sveum might want to just jump ahead and get that position player out to the mound right now.
RT : Aw shucky ducky! It's as much fun to type as it is to shucky duck!
GAME DAY... Bear Down Cats! We've got plenty of tvs, inside and on the patio to watch the game and enjoy an ice cold beer!
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
text me. I need advice.
Dont hate us musicians because we do things you cant and prolly wont ever do.
happy belated birthday
DONE! <U+201C>: how about everyone just comes down to Hawaii so I can stay here forever? Good? Good.<U+201D>
"thats the time that all the ratchet people come out!"
I'm at Mt Juliet Waffle House! Buy my lunch if you can see me!
We're excited to be at day 2 of #Catalyst Dallas today! If you're here, stop by our booth and say hi.
BREAKING NEWS: GARY COLEMAN has died after a brain hemorrhage
A3 A combination of both. A knack for marketing flourished once I got into the Internet biz 13 years ago
im free till thurs whats good
I'm good, errand and cleaning day. :)
Omg avoid the FDR
trust no one.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
hah I miss you!
Three years ago I spent a month in a coma and nearly died. Thank you President for making "pre-existing condition" obsolete
I'm gonna miss my friends like crazy this summer.
Oh! okay :P I think you're probably okay with the 2 for now. Until they make the new version double as a hover board
College presidents, Nancy Zimpher, King Alexander and Tom Snyder on CNN Bottom Line. Discourse about cost is good more needed about purpose
RT : Damn last night we got our ass whooped but it's cool tho they still my team
And your patrons shall henceforth be referred to as minions.
#ideas2actipn the innovation summit begins!
RT : Any relationship you plan to keep, you must maintain.
#Connected was tremendous.
a supposed 2 hour drive took 6 hours. thats just innapropriate...& adventurous!
Ahh so much i need to know by wensday then performing them thats just lovely
Sorry guys I hit my follow limit or I would be following you back! Everyone get me more followers so I can follow you all back (:
#fridayreads Finished Baldacci's new book Innocent. It's a rollercoaster thrill ride! Got an ARC from #pla12 - thanks!
Feeling dejected today... Just like any Vikings & Bears fans feel all the time.
I think that's a good reason *to* write them.
ditto. Just waiting until I can start the lawnmower without the neighbors throwing stuff at me.
Im tired
Let Me Down Easy by Billy Currington on WCVH.
$10 I think
I'm here!!
Graduation invitations are just another way to annoy people
mm... might have to take Monday pm off for what is being described at most imp Premiere League game ever .. MUFC vs MCFC ..
only if you can shot 50% from 3
Eating a banana, I walked by someone else eating a banana. We both raised our bananas as if to say cheers.
No problem!
Finishing a "secret" Poem/Prose story for latest zine issue the theme being secrets. More photo shoots wed! Weather plz hold!
wow, just go to one big meeting....hihih..happy valentines day
u need me to help u to PUT u to BED
A3: if you co. has a mobile app, you can send push notifications
Everything in my life right now is what I prayed for.. a loving family, good health, an amazing Man, a good job, good friends and a house
Waiting for Alex's tutoring session to end, pondering Kzoo and futures and life.
What up Bossman!
A home without quality educational books/DVDs/CDs is like a body with a Soul. True success avoids men/women that will not learn.
You know it! Here to help. THANK YOU for all you do.
Why does #MMA seem so much like organized cock fighting? I like it enough that I'll watch it once in a great while but I'd rather watch
well your good looking but are a good dude so give him a follow people!!
we have openings TODAY! come see the amazing artists
So, the key is to capture those imaginations, throw them on the paper or the canvas, and see what becomes of them.
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - MarketWatch (press release)
lol okay thanks, now all I have to do is find the channel tomorrow and I'll be good to go
That's crazy!
I can really relate to this, you're my guy Pat, just remember you're the shit and everyone knows it
did bria just say last night all your girls are ugly? Half the girls i smashed wouldn't take a glimpse at you.
The fact that the recommended people to follow for me are two British artists is just awesome.
ah embarrassing Chris Pine about Kristy Swanson crush on TV, freaking hilarious.
me neither **reaching for headphones to listen now**
Continually impressed with quality of reporting done by They are clearly setting the bar high for other Twin Cities journalists.
Teddy Brewski for jumping on Chad Ocho Cinco. Remember. The point is act like you've been there before? Chad hasn't. I see both sides.
its weird how when im tired I just really want water<U+2026><U+2026><U+2026><U+2026>
Haha, I should clarify. I really love these late-night Brewers games when I don't have to be awake until 9:30 the next morning.
JC, congrats on the big first night, as usual!
Boys, if I ever tell you that you stole my heart & you reply with "Wanna seek revenge & steal my last name?", I'm yours! x
biased much? LOL!!!!
Because of clementines, I could never be a locavore.
Why is #smh a viable hash tag trend? I mean, I guess all of this twitter stuff is stupid, but shaking ones head is something people follow?
RT : I Love working with creative people who have a goal an a dream, gives me ideas
send me your email.
I heard rivers is going pro. He is going to get ate up. Can only go to his right and can't play d.
Karl Malone salutes our troops
Who wants a new champion this year? So long Jimmie
Goodmorning my people..... Let's get to work
Lebron is the truth!
All the best bro RT : hangin up the shorts and calling it a career bro
Im Singing , Who Knew I Would Be So Great Thoo , with Jah Mya & Mabinty & Nicole & Rachael , I Pep Our Future Career !
Damn. I think I entered our bank account info wrong when filing our taxes, so now we have to wait for a check instead of direct deposit.
- said lawyerly! I feel affirmed. LOL
Do you think the FG Kicker for the Baltimore Ravens that Missed the FG at the end of "AFC Championship Game" be replaced?
who got the most airtime on the #scdebate? I know who it wasn't!
I love my baby from <U+0001F1F7><U+0001F1FA><U+0001F1EE><U+0001F1F9> to <U+0001F5FD>to <U+0001F303> times a zillion to the power of 18 times <U+0001F370> to the square root of 36 times more!<U+2764>
Oh yeah (:
Nice dog walk day
I am new to Twitter and Philosophy. But I'm ready to change the world. If you're willing to help me please contact me!
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!!
why in the world am i loosing followers?!
that is all for my social networking, im still on my come up.
RT : used to use my old red one, or c what lens on the 5D the price on the red is crazy will get one when I can afford one..
your gonna kick my ass? Please do (: id like to see that come on im waiting.....
Life is too short to not be happy.
Cuz I tried to roofie the bitches but you stole their drink again. So we stole your ID and Credit Cards but you had money
New beat means lots of coffees with city officials. After 3 weeks of coffee mtgs, I think all the tastebuds have been burnt from my tongue.
I'll have to send you the list of songs...it's pretty awesome!
thats cool, u gotta sexy voice. everyone loves to hear it lol
if MInnesota loses the Vikings, they are complete idiots.
pretend to be prego for April fools and you'll end up being that and god will send you a fool 4real.
want to watch some awesome Logend of zelda awesomeness then come to my live stream im playing one of the games that started for me
Prince, we know you don't have a twitter, but assume you monitor our account and want to see us in MSP. You're on the guest list.
Dimitris I just looked at your portfolio and all I can say is wow..wow..wow..
When I tried it at the brewery I found it to be undercarbonated.
Only a quarter?
Forget the rabbit looks like it is going to be the year of the Yodle! Congrats Yodle on starting 2011 off with a bang!
shit how u
SERIOUSLY. WANT. NOW.
At the tufte seminar on presenting data. Amazing stuff!
Some people want it to happen. Some people wish it would happen. Others make it happen
Ahh, TGIF. #Indy, what do you have in store for the weekend?
RT : Health Evolution Partners: Were going to focus on companies addressing unmet needs #health2con Gee, good idea.
goin to starbucks #addicted o.o
My great grandmother is psychotic....
Find me on skype; Username: brian.silverj
Are u serious zachary you feel good and wonder why Hell its because you should
Definitely.. its so inefficient and removes any form of incentive of making a better living for people..
Brandon Paul - Wow!
No! Maybe he'll be available for the other GSW game down the road?
will do my man!
Thanks for following, will be posting more :)
can i have a message in your fanbook??:)
I mean 56% of pastors have viewed porn in the last 30 days and an additional 43% lie about it:)
Brule is trending....we can get him trending but not #qaaa ?!?!?!
Watching the Georgia game! Go bulldogs!
I would be first in line for this museum of yours!
When people ask me to follow random accounts <<<
George Carlin on God and country
this is so true, let's be real would be thrilled
See, I'd quibble over the "mode" part. I'd say that a piece of furniture can communicate, but not be a mode of communication
lol just "a nail u hammered" bre keep her pimp hand strong?
By the way it's my birthday, but the people that are following me already know that.
Please stop by soon!
Monaco country profile
Flavor contest continues 1 more wk, til 30th. Any more gr8 brownie flavor ideas out there? Winners get samples of their creation.
Going to bed. <U+270C>
#raw10 Growin up n the Ghetto, u pick up insecurities. I thought I had a hair disease called, CantcheDontche. Cant Comb it and Dont u Try!
Hemingway's it is to catch up with a birthday crowd
Still cleaning!!! We'll be closed for the evening as well. Come see our sparkling faces tomorrow!
lol! I'll send you another one in the mail!
Uploaded my first YouTube video, it's me ranting about people and things that piss me off. *cross fingers* i hope it's good.
RT : Missed 2 wkshps but made 's prtnrwrk Class w/ Outstanding- they broke dwn tricky moves...
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
Oh, Olive! Is one of our new vendors! Come and delight in its many healthy extra virgin olive oils and vinegars.
I'm cold
Let's just assume I know this isn't my Mom's/ Grandma's Food/Store/Restaurant and find something more creative to say about it instead.
my cat raps. his names Wiska Lifa.
The 'Saw' button is great!
***WESA members***, we still have some rooms available!! Just visit us @ hotelvq.com & click on the WESA logo for your special rate!!!
y'all are going to Westminster?
Tomorrow will be better!
#fanquestion what is their favorite song right now?
Domino's pizza stay trying to hem a brother up with the e-mail deals, but unless is here, its a no go.
Remy () is talking about #failfaire. You all know about this, , ?
that's awesome! Can't wait! You super excited??
Not really, I try not to think of that side of it, I'm more on the medical side, morticians have to deal with families.
Don't be a Bridezilla! Bridesmaids deserve some pampering too. Call to book for Spa Week to show your appreciation.
cuz girls stay beefing
uggh, Redskins off to a poor start
"Are you quiet? Quieten your body. Quieten your mind."
Today:Tuesday, March 20th High of 63 and partly cloudy. Should be a great day. Oh and it's Spike Lee's birthday in case you were wondering.
He was probably thrown a "curve" ball by not hearing from you. :)
Hey word is Aaron Rodgers is on the Maryvale field in full Brewers' gear. Can't wait to see those pics.
How can you be a King if you've never won the crown?
stuck at the car place for another hour or so. blehh i'm hungry.
RT : RT : Al Johnson from the famous "goats on the roof" Swedish restaurant in Door County passed away. RIP.
White girls
yeah, i have a question. could i play defense for arsenal?
Been 30 days today since a drop of alcohol's passed these lips. Is it the end of Party Aminal Megan? Should we have an Irish Wake about it?
I bet if ever tweeted ,or retweeted me i would prob die !!!! :0
:O 900 followers!!!!!!!!!!! thanks to all my followers! and merry Christmas!:)
Coming up, we have exciting things to share re #communitycolleges. Stay tuned & pls join our discussions. But first, enjoy your weekend!
Country<<<< some country>>>>
Woot! Go Mariners! Victory to start off the season 3-1 over Oakland
Yes, but even then, most of the time not everyone is going to have huge file downloads on every single ping.
Loving you is a treat sweet girl
After all the garlic I ate last night - pretty sure my co-workers are going to love me today.
Just saw McDonalds has Big Macs for 99 cents. This is y our country suffers from obesity. Junk food is cheap food.
This guys just came in wearing an ash ketchum hat. My new hero
this drive isn't looking pretty. I might make it back by 8...
When authors write "If you're still reading this" it makes me think of the people who put the text down before that page. If a tree falls...
all i want is love because it is the most best thing anyone could ever have to fill their hearts <3
Vampires VS Zombies. I choose vampires... cause they are charming sometimes, not like zombies. They are ugly... What do you think,
last nights dream I was watching Randy Johnson pitch to ken griffey Jr. for a home run derby, I was right there on the field.... badass
It's a nice surprise.
Looking forward to listening to , but can't find info about VOSD Radio on site. How/when/where do we listen?
I feel like we know too much about the unannounced iPad3. There won't be long lines for this one unless Apple has surprises. Miss u SJ.
and have joined The Builders Exchange event in May - it's going to be a blast! www.exchangeevents.com/builder
<U+201C>: listening to all day! I REALLY want those tickets !!<U+201D> Doing tickets 8a-8p, everyday this week!
drose out for da season and bulls still goin win da ship
Best wishes 2 and Nicole Ari Parker 4 a great opening w/ STREERTCAR NAMED DESIRE on Broadway tonight! Blair's B'way debut!
Very nice. I want to go but my kids don't. Unbelievable. The nerve of them.
I'm bringing sexy back
Clint Dempsey has scored again for Fulham! I'm a fan, but it's really cool having Dempsey represent the States!
yeah but think about it. evry team plays this way v barca, theyre obv comfortable w teams doin this. give urslelf a chance, attck
Hornets pick 11th in NBA Draft Lottery. Ah, pooper scooper. Why, why?? LOL
oh my god ily
#occupyportland protester decides to leave protest for
Come see Molly Wood, Avanti Cafe and Susan van der Roest speak this Saturday at the Dream Home lecture series!
We've got all the cheesecake bites you need to celebrate National Cheesecake Day! This could be Swirly's favorite day of the year.
Obligatory done with college/finals/work tweet
I cannot wait for tomorrow morning! Not leaving my bed & SVU al day on my day off!
triste is having bbys plus u went to lay down
Easier to teach what you learned 5 minutes ago than what you learned 20 years ago - you remember what it's like not to know it.
Find your professional soul mate(s), making a business a shared mission and a shared "why" |
omg, is that a feather on your kitteh lips?!!
oh ahah yea I was just there a second ago lol
This afternoon's tunes-stew will include
stop hogging all the hot water!
As my son prepares to leave for Afghanistan. I keep asking what can I do to help my country and our soldiers? What can we do as a A Nation?
I Over React? Check You Physco Bitch!
Such a beautiful day<U+0001F60D><U+2600>
Follow Me Team Will Follow Back!!
good point!
Confessions - Usher
Yea, I've seen it
the round red fox jumped past the tired dog.
: had me at Tequila Juleps and Bourbon Margaritas.
got it.
: Good morning beautiful! Wishing you a great day. Hope your little man is feeling better! God bless.
thats so kind of you - thanks for letting us know!
Looks like is going to blow away his fundraising goal on those jerseys! Still a week left!
who is bernie I am so lost....
Poison +Oak
i can't dyke without you!!
Catching up with <3
How about a Happy Hour every day from 5-9pm at the Venetian's Smokin new hotspot?? Come unwind with us after #CES or #AVN!!
RT : RT <U+201C>: #UTSASHOWCASE Free Concert come out and support UTSA's up and coming artist<U+201D>
Trailer and poster are still being worked on. Still going to be a bit (sorry) but they're looking GOOD!
Fiction to the rescue!
turn the light off.
Great morning workout..feeling good
gross! I hate bad smells. That would make me so sick!
Stratfor estimates (from arial photos) that the crowd in & around Tahir Square is 1/10 of the 2M claimed, only 3-4% of Cairo's population.
And website winner, Carolyn English, sixth prize winner!
Rain in AZ...what a happy surprise :D
Chatting with a location about their food allergy customers
ooohh haha well idk there's a lot of thing to do on there (:
I'm alcohol intolerant. It only took me 21 years to figure it out...
HahahaHaha! That's exactly why i chose it to be my profile pic!! Get with it Grizel! Haha
remember the titans :)
magic springs!
Nice. Why didn't I think of that?
Friend: "I want another kid." Me: "WHY?!?! Think of all the money you could blow on yourself instead!"
enjoy the sun Frankie! There's no sun in NYC today, nothing but rain and fog!! :(
i like what i see
We're going #CommercialFree in 5 min - Plus, has 3-Day passes to !
My set has been moved up to start at 9:30.... not 10:00
Back to Green at lap 180 with 1 and 2 at
Ya boy back in action,mixtape coming soon produced by Trouble Maker Ent....stay tuned
Brendon was great. I actually liked him much more in person! Sometimes on video he seems schmarmy to me but live he was so genuine.
DUI CheckPoints - Long Beach - South patrol division (the fun area by the bars), 6pm-2am
Damn you Justin Bieber movie! Damn you for being so enjoyable.
Great to participate in yesterday<U+2019>s #MetroWest #Homelessness Forum in #Wellesley, thanks to everyone who stopped by HHC<U+2019>s table!
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick & suck ur pussy,& give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
I don't think he knows yet
Browne's current work on Gorillas. Known only by small bits until 1858. Wolf 1858 was the public image and substitute specimen.
Probably July
Hi gang. Just getting to the chat now. What did I miss??
the triple jump mark is bogus too. But I will check to make sure.
SONIC DRIVE-IN TUESDAY SPECIAL (3/20 only) BOGO SHAKES ALL DAY (OPEN TO CLOSE). Plz mention txt when ordering. Have a SuperSONIC Day!
My sister won $1,000 today from some contest on Pinterest! I hope she remembers how much of a great sister I am! Right, ? ;)
I can honestly say I'm a Major Dork!! And I'm proud!
dude look up the song stuck in the middle by four year strong. its so good
I want free Moo cards!!!
- Shout-out to the men of #Morehouse College in ATL.
thank you! I am so amazed by this whole experience!
if you are a small business leader, message me. i'm new but i have some ideas to market my MLM to small business owners globally...
omigosh, I do that all the time...
Kissin U is my favorite Miranda Cosgrove song.
if you learn one thing from me today.... it should be don't give john travolta a massage
You're far too kind, man.
youre mean, but thats okay because im dating Naya
- take your time LOL
#Orioles have taken prices for tickets off of their website. They can't possibly consider raising them can they?
wonderful. Is there a Starbucks or location that you would prefer at 2:00pm?
I fuck this white girl who got a pink Range who drives fast in the slow lanes.
Wow! 71 hours a week? You do need some rest. What kinda "store" do you work at?
Way cool! IPA is using to deliver commentary to directors after the performances.
Just discovered an Outlook rule that's been moving important messages to the wrong place for months. Wonderful.
You saw that craziness sent too huh?!
because 1) never saw it and 2) mainly because all of TiVo is full of shows we watch together
Fifth round of golf of the year after work tonight. Who said March weather in Chicago wasn't any fun?!
hahaha yeah cuz you're pretty far from 2 white boys I mean.... Let's be real here.
Contributions to the juke box? Springsteen's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" and "Maneater". I'd call tonight a success.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
so i have a stalker now lol
I could just kick myself for never finishing clown college. I was one balloon giraffe away!
well that's just silly. ;) PS I got your vm. I'll call you back ASAP.
Jean Claude Van Damme tried to grow a beard like He became known as Seth Rogen
Looks like the author is making a statement about the separation of church & state, not vouchers & terrorism.
In honor of Arts & Humanities Month, visit a historic home near you.
I am literally about to fall asleep. Please just give me some drugs and get this over with.
RT : Don't be ashamed! Everyone hates their CMS. <-- Ha!
mark my word..Laker vs heat in the NBA finals...
Our "holiday show" will be a blast from our past The salvation of Iggy Scrooge first produced by the Unicorn in 1997.
#saysomethingniceaboutobama the fact that our unemployment rate is at an all time high? fuck this dude! wat happened to all those jobs?!?
Our oldest had his first Tball practice today and Dad coached.
did something active 4x this week. this never happens.
The most adorable puppy ever just followed me home:) But I took him back and ran off. He came back:)
and I did for brunch last week. Crazy fun kid. I skipped Drag Queen bingo last night though.
Jus left the resort now back at the palace
...In spite of that, I still respect the man's work.
Using Prezi - cool!
LETS PLAY BIG BANK TAKE LIL BANK AND SEE WHO WIN! AND DEN GO GET WHO EVER U THINK GOT MORE THAN ME AND IM GONE STILL WIN
A steal at only $55, the Luxe pedicure is truly one of the best ways to spend your afternoon.
You can't get life in jail in the state of New Jersey if you're worth more than $20million.
haha i didnt even drink yet still!
well, come on~I've an extra room ;)
Boys suck well the ones I know atleast!! :(
Larry Drew, Kurt Rambis, Brian Shaw
Focus on George Kottaras being shirtless. That seems to calm most women down no matter what.
Another gorgeous day, perfect excuse for a lunchtime stroll to visit to any of the amazing market eateries! What are your favorites?
Grey Album and Jaydiohead. What more can I say to ya?
That's because Karp was his alter ego today, a sub par Pro Golfer as opposed to his normal ego, a sub par Pro MTTer
Great stuff John terry.
I'm upset that I couldn't get the best chicken fingers this side of the world...I settled for Rally's tho, not a bad alternative
would be nice if slipped to rnd 2 and indy could steal him.
I will do that (: , you know what it is !! RT : im feeling real SoSoDef tonight so check out the videos im posting
RT : Females who want 2 get into sports journalism email me 4 advice. I think I'm going 2 write something w some harsh truths.
just a day in the life of dewdrop
All I know is we've come too far to stop
Snow on the ground in Portland!
Liam Young asks, not what lists are, but what they do. Lists enact relations between items that otherwise would not exist.
Re-watching recorded ustreams just to hear Vin's laugh and see him smile.
I followed and u done and done
i agree. Ppl have negative perception on hockey. Wont change soon as nhl has hard time mktg their players (foreign aspect).
I had spicy Korean instant noodle w fish meatballs, edamame and veggies. Aft all these talks it feels right :)
did you see angelos profile picture ? <U+201C>hold on let me Ipad this" el oh el
A library patron just told me her sex life has been nonexistent for the past 30 years.
My baby will always have some part of my heart no matter what
Cannery x Japantown bound today
heading home lol.
I'm happy to have all these cool new people to hang out with. Go stalk them on facebook!
I WANNA EAT YU UP I BET YU TASTE SWEET..M
being human time
why is the Haunted Mansion on at 8 im the morning? ha okay then.
phone ringing every 15 minutes. all day.
HELP THE MONARCH BUTTERFLY AND JOIN THE MILKWEED DISCUSSION WITH YOUR EXPERIENCES AND RECOMMENDATION
dude, idk how you did it, but I think I've already got 6 followers. Well played, sir.
New blog post : Workout at Home: Shed Inches Off of Your Waistline without Paying For Expensive Gym Memberships
hand model high five! you in NY?
hang in there! Xoxox
Are you still coming out later this year?!
Philosophy of Social Media
Wasn't Jenna the one in the black swan at the ball
awww I sorta am because I have no idea what I'm going to do when I become an adult..
Can everyone fucking fuck off today.
#TeamDueProcess See what happens when you take the blindfold off Lady Justice? Mobs, Mayhem & Lawlessness. She was blind for a reason
Here is the nugget.Following drug administration there exists no single relationship between blood in plasma and the observed effect.
& have the ideal relationship. Through thick and thin, they've stayed together.
#np Hotel California
Home sweet home. Had such an amazing weekend. Shout out to for hosting me and showing me a good time in the LBC. LOVE YOU!
Never, never, never give up!
I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind it was - and drive and drive
My brain is still laying on a pillow back at home, surprised I made it to work at all X(
RT Always wished I could sing <---- Can you rhyme still?
your welcome!
Always feels good to get an introvert to speak up.
Agreed! It is kind of nice, but I am starting to get cabin fever.
Conditional Past Perfect Obi-Wan on Cinco de Mayo: <U+201C>May the 4th have had been with you<U+201D>
Margaritaville - where happy hour starts at 10:30 am. God bless America.
Now you tell me.
Have credit card debt? me too! check this out if you do or don't. www.icraigery.com
I replied to a tweet I was in? Like I said Idk you, I wouldn't have mentioned you. Lol
Congratulations & Blessings!!!
Wish I could but am in pleasanton, ca for board meeting. Get back tomorrow night.
Telling someone the truth is a TRUE act of Love
I guess his license to ill was revoked? #toosoon? Seriously, I love the beastie boys and I will always fight for my right to party. RIP
Oh lawd. Somebody kill me now!!
I may or may not have been partying with Ryan Gosling & Bradley Cooper last night. But I definitely had The Hangover this morning.
Summer Headshot Special $179 Includes 4 looks, CD with all images, top choices retouched and ready for print. Reserve your spot now ....
What goes down must go up. Thinking positive.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission's gross sales for hard liquor in calendar year 2011 total $448.8 million, 4.5 percent more than 2010.
Oo they childish! RT : Timeout : I just got a private call &amp; a bunch of females all chanted my government name 0_o wtf...
Busy day! Now hitting the road for MarkLogic World!
When you have "good problems to have" it's appropriate to say "the glass is half full of champaign."
At fiore's excited for the dance tonight!!! I'm gonna show off my moves.... If I had any lol ;P
Smartphone access already pervasive, becoming moreso, esp. among young. ...
We're giving 10% of enrollment back to students' high schools for another week! :) Register now and give back to your school too!
Not warped! The big time rush concert! Hahaha
Does anyone think that long distance relationships work out?
Anyone have #423 matching pin from official paymentd? We get $100 if so.
In Abuja, Nigeria... beautiful state. Finally get to see what this is all about. Watching Hausa.
- So far so good on 2012. TM was great - Oberhofer was briefly back from Denmark and came to the mtg. Fun night.
cheers to you for your RTs! May you have a knowledgeful day
LP: In the primary season, politicians elbowing each other out of the way to show who's the most born again
you like punk rock?
Just bought a new pair of TOMS.
perhaps one day you'll follow my Twitter account.
All Pics are HIGH REZ download your favorites.
I will try it! What's behind the can?!? :)
Big thanks to for geeking out with us over Wong Kar-Wai!!
Not sleeping blows.
Its baseball weather. Break out the dip, pine tar, DAVIDs, and all the trash talk you can come up with!! #playball!!
I just learned that my Uncle is in the Hospital, any prayers would be appreciated.
Thank you Samantha!
I'm afraid to grow up because sometime It seems like things will never feel this beautiful again....
I'm drowning out the thunder and lightning with Its working.
Longtime NBA consultant Chris Ekstrand said he's looking forward to seeing Jordan Taylor improvise and play in the open floor.
I really hate when ppl tell me stuff I Don't care abt whatsoever.
I keep telling people the Key Word is Ask you can't make me do anything I can show you better than I can tell you ....watch & see
The <U+201C>Gibraltar of the East<U+201D> | Shot in the Dark
when are we going to wawasee?!?!?!?
they took it i can't!!! and lets not call the house phone.... everyone in this house is asleep.
mi mandi il link del sito per creare i keep calm e i mustaches? :3
No contest. Foster the People loses by a landslide.
. Thx for the tweet!
Going into pacsun is torture. I just want everything!
glad it was good!
was in plano for cd signings on Sunday and I didn't know. COME BACK TO TEXAS >:(
guess emergenC will have to do then. Lol
Growth DEMANDS a temporary surrender of security....
Eye tunes!!!
RT -#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people that think your world revolves around them. :D
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands. Robert M. Pirsig
I'm going to bring into my dream as the milkman.
12 more days!
KEEPIN UP WIT THE JONES'
But I've done nothing that I can shout about
You're welcome! <U+2665> RT Thank you, Brooks.
All the Buddhas of all the ages have been telling you a very simple fact: Be -- don't try to become. ~Osho
what about run joe run joe
lmao!! I don't even know what that means, but hang in there for a few more days. ya got it!!
Falling asleep during christmas specials just isnt the same without
The Iron Lady is a jocular live action "what if" cartoon fantasy about Meryl Streep serving as British Prime Minister. Dreadful.
lucky! I'm jealous I don't know if you still have my number but its 4127798323 !
OMG William Levy in white pants shaking his butt on #DWTS!
Heart-shaped pizza and sushi on the menu for Vday dinner.
you need to get yourself a cute little wig, and have your stylist cut and style it.
Always remember if you have a ? about where to bet or about a game, email at and we will do our best to answer fast
Guys. I'm going to spam until she answers. K?
Who knew that working on a couple's wedding ceremony was the cure for the common cold! Still sick, but doing a mitzvah certainly helps!
Encouraging everyone to get registered to vote. Rouse the conservatives to attention! Get them out to vote!
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud. Sophocles
The fact that guys younger than me are playing in the MLB is insane
Set your Tivo to watch me in "Festival In Cannes" on the movie channel at 7:30 am Eastern Time tomorrow....
I need to team with somebody in fantasy baseball who's ace w batting while I focus on pitching. Always have a stable of aces & no bats.
It's a one song performance, from the end of the film. Let me know what you think...
RT : Life means taking the responsibility to fulfill the tasks we need to face
Hey, if someone sees the President today, please give him a big, rainbow-filled hug for me for what he said about gay marriage.
Been trying to get my human to go out and pick me up a 40oz. But he doesn't understand my signals. Or he is just being lazy.
that sound like bad sex...
Yeah! Love the Basic Minimum Tax!
Look for my behind the scenes blog on my recent #photoshoot with Samantha Gise tonight at www.brandonphotos.com
He did not just say hip hop fairy tale lol
It's $3 Microbrew Pint Day at the Echo! RT if you think that this should be a weekly National holiday!
Got to hand it to that #Gronk guy. That was one heckuva catch.
Who needs a photo booth for fashion week?? Email with details!
Go Hard Everyday Is What I Live By, Fuck All That Yolo Stuff That Shit Is For The Small Fries
While I buy my mom a card & flowers for Mothers Day, your over there buying her pills for her hangover. Haha (x
calls come in, I don't pick up in time, so I call back. They dnt answer.. Hands the air
I would like to publicly apologize to who DID deliver to me at the office. Proving once again that he is the BEST
what do yu mean
Matt Chat 145: The Skinny on The Fat Man | Armchair Arcade
If I liked math, I would calculate the hours left in the semester.
use the metal thing and put it against the door, then tap the screwdriver with each one still showing
Catching what's left of the 2nd quarter at work. Let's go LakeShow!!
wwyd if prince did that?
That was one Hell of a solo adventure last night.
yea it's somewhere on the todo list. Just still out of sight for now. I don't have the time... (cont)
Baby blue eyes, your head on my shoulder.
um.. inform me on this whole ordeal. Haha
you don't need josh hamilton to be remembered. still a hero out here in LA!
off da chain do it then
before and after work? :)))
RT : STOP BEING SO DAMN WEIRD YOU FREAK! // WHAT SHE SAID!
Looking forward to the grand opening of the new studio on March 7th. Hope to see you at 1400 Aliceanna Street for a great party!
Catching up on some light reading...
Just got the iPhone 4S so I think I'll be tweeting a lot more...
Don't go CHRISTMAS shopping until you watch this YouTube
<U+263C> To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart. Thomas Watson, Sr.
brushing my teeefers then, going to lay in bed!
Viernesito q rico :)
no problemo! Another time:D
There is a brief opportunity at beginning of each 2 year session to amend the SENATE rules or procedures.
shit so funny , i didnt even take her serious .
morning ... My bro in here knocked the hell out. Too funny.
they are carefully distinguishing between gift books and annuals, as they say you would wish.
My recurring college-related nightmare is that the semester has started but I forgot to register for classes. So... never?
are they at least being quiet? Lol
But she loves nuzzling!!!!
Glick Eye Institute is hosting a community day on Sat- including vision screenings, FMI: www.glick.iu.edu
Well i guess ive seen everything now. Just saw a guy playing the drums on his steering wheel on the highway with ACTUAL drum sticks.
I guess those times i wasnt being taken serious when i was all in were signs to let go
Sometimes it is good to just sit still, be quiet and enjoy and appreciate what is
lol updating the icon time haha
Oh how wonderful! I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time. This weekend will my time for getting caught up. LOL. Enjoy!
This mother fucking stalker.
LOOK AT ME NOW...I love it!!!!
Happy Friendship Day
Seriously, WTF is wrong with you?
what if... You tweet the link when it's done? :o <3
Growing again! Photos going up today at Forget-Me-Knot Floral & Gifts (2835 N Brookfield Rd.)
I wish I had a bike...
Sorry - the email wasn't supposed to go out yet. The#ala12 PDF link works but the interactive won't be ready til next week.
#Nowplaying Loyalty Over Royalty by ft. and
Teach me how to read. Teach, teach me how to read.
Going crazy with dvd!!!!!! Always my fav
RT Mussel bisque is literally to die for. Great happy hour, amazing food, serious good times... [Thanks!]
Every little bit helps, right? :)
Lauryn Hill tonight.... Its time to get in my head.....
Congrat to Eli and the Giants! What a game last night!
Idk why I call liars "fire pants"...it has to be that Liar Liar song.
CPHA's blog covers housing news and community development news!
.: beautiful #bird indeed! any idea where it was taken?
A bestfriend laughs:)A normal friend doesnt:\
Thanks for the follow - looks like you tweet about all kinds of stuff. tell us about your mission.
FUCKKKK I have got to return this red box movie!!!
What is something that really has made you LOL lately?
Hanger steak with roasted cauliflower, charred celery, & grilled horseradish vinaigrette
Happy Birthday Aly!!
I've done tie Miller factoey tour, time to see the other half - Coors factory ho!!
my shorts are wayy too short and my thighs look huge. someone please shoot me-_-
Don't forget to check out your local tomorrow for the free Rose Care for Beginners class!
im great! how are you?
oh ok. Now I get it lol
ill check into him and his wiki, thanks!
hahaha well thanks for being an awesome person and clicking on whatever you clicked on lol!!!
What the hell just happened on that sequence? Wild
they have done a great job with the music. i've been downloading a lot of new stuff!
#theawkwardmoment when doesn't notice you
wow! I never thought I would see the day that Josh Van Hine tweets...is a facebook page next?
that's awesome! Can't wait to have the article in Wednesday's paper!
THEY GONE DOUBT U TILL U MAKE IT HAPPEN DON'T GET MAD GO HARDER!!!
that record would assist me
Allan on fb said: "Landed on my pizza, made it meateor" RT : We are wondering if any of you saw the meteor last night?
Silent Hill HD Collection!!!
Reading Gilgamesh and it RULES.
WOW just got done listening to Amaryllis. Its amazing. Can't wait for HOB Chicago
This producer's manual is 34 8.5x11 pages long, and NONE OF IT is in verse. Brutal. Damn LA Stage Alliance...all this prose is madness!
There are so many exhibitors this year that are dog-friendly. Do you take your furry friend with you on outdoor adventures?
I'm moving to house! Whole bottom level is mine!
Thanks to all the Spartans who came out to #vagoldcup - great time had by all! See you on the row in '13!!
Anyone know of an abandoned industrial or warehouse space around New York that I can use for a film shoot? Any tips would be appreciated!
Shout out to always putting in work.
I love J.Lo's orange top/dress on Idol tonight. I want/need it. #ohhowilovefashion #itmakestheworldabetterplace <U+0001F60A><U+0001F457>
What is wrong with the US that we can't get the African Cup of Nations Final on TV or internet even if we are willing to pay for it?
DHC's is at this morning with Demand Energy Networks' CEO Dave Curry to talk about
Romo. Stanky leg. Stanky arm. Stanky whatever. Do not forget Garret in all this.
Someone's blaring the Halloween theme song next door. Or the Jason one. SOMETHING FROM AN OLD HORROR FILM, JESUS.
join the conversation... it's only proper men participate in this conversation as well
tell them they can call you "Master"
Ok Jacob Cooke's book on Coxe is great re 1st tariff debate pp 134-149. Why do I always forget how good that book is?
Twitter contest begins in two hours for 2 tickets to Sunday's #Colts game against Titans!
Only family could tell me what a shame it is that I have such a pretty face but I'm not skinny at all, and not get punched. ((sigh))
when u gonna drop it? What u got on it?
Unfortunately u could do better then that
I feel like going to Grandma's.
we are aghast! But we understand - desperate times call for desperate measures :)
Top o tha mornin to ya! :)
Fuck the Capitals.
give thanks
I hate when guys say "will you go out with me" like where are we going out to
We all have setbacks in our yesterdays. But your past doesn<U+2019>t define your future. Today is a new day.
Go donate some money, go follow them, go like their Facebook page and listen to their mother fucking music!
Tommy wrap party!!! @ Maggiano's Little Italy at The Grove!!
I'm literally way too excited that has a twitter. #merntttt #camouflage #hohosandchocomilk #dangerranger I took it too far.
I'm not clumsy. It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way.
Giving a shout out to our new followers! Welcome!
alas our wood ppl r in US. But we've had good luck spending less if white oak (even engineered), good underlay & no h20 wash
Reserves right to use ROY award as leverage in arguments about his current talent.
its not a state function. Just family and friends
Back to work, ugh
What will make a difference in the lives of people with down economy as everyone has so many problems. This makes a BIG difference....
The tickets are yours! Email and we will get you hooked up!
BEING THE LAST FUCKING SHOWER IN THE HOUSE, PISSES ME THE FUCK OF!!!
I always feel bad about going to the vet. She insists on getting Draco neutered but my parents want to wait a year so he can grow.
that's mean
#nowthat2pacsback can we go back to looking for my dog!
You'd be way better at it. Make more witty comments. Better photographic opportunities.
of course!
#LSUUT Tigers had to eventually come out flat with the schedule they have endured...at least they are doing vs UT instead of somebody good
that's early what are you talking about.
If sperm is needed for procreation and retrograde ejaculation cannot be corrected pharmacologically, vibratory stimulation ...
#FF thx for following & have a great weekend!
Everyone can expect that I will tweet about this regularly & VERY LOUDLY TO THE PUBLIC until Mya Hatchette, Esq remedies her Autism bullying
I love Cheerwine!! Southern delicacy! Not sure if I could rock daisy dukes though as Ms. Cheerwine!
Out of the 6.9 billion people in the world, someone at this exact moment is thinking of you.
#Fridayreads is Bee-Loud Gale by , . Better late than never and it is GOOD.
No! We can't lose the Pro Bowl! That's my vacation! ;-(
sadly watching news about holocaust museum shooting. what the heck is going on with people?
Oval office. Oval hockey mask. Say no more.
For sure! Can you email me info via ? Thanks, Alex
Just got your book! I'm very excited to dig in (it is my newly designated shul reading).
Awesome torture.
Former Baltimore Raven has been a past guest speaker!
I refuse to leave you alone. Their is no turning back now. I'm in it until its over...
talent agent princess turned into major fitness gal!! Follow me I tweet swim, gym, and some soap talk ;)
going to visit a ms this morning congratulating students 4 improved test scores - great stuff
Leadership is not a title - it's a behavior and anyone can exhibit it. Susan Scott
"Artist of the Beautiful" -- one of the rare times when Hawthorne strikes me as self-indulgent in a "major" tale.
Whenever I come across a biz still rockin' the gmail, Yahoo! or aol email, I think, "hmm... kinda ghettoish." Does that make me a snob?
haha. i miss those larger-than-life photos in 30 rock elevators. :-)
Most fruits are now considerably larger and sweeter, and most vegetables are more tender
My mind is reeling in consideration of the C exploit posted this morning
Getting some reading done on the 13th floor of Ed Sci. Beautiful views up here!
Way overdue for a #date! #patience is a virtue
looking for recommendations on Spanish speakers & experts in mobile tech for an upcoming #TechCamp -- @ me with ideas! Gracias.
Every womans heart is an ocean of secrets!!
glad to hear it.
Cute guys = douches.
isn't that the guy from teen wolf?
Here I am twitterheads! The man behind the man. #WINNING! . good evening! whatcha up to?
So it was a shot of Imogen and Fiona and then Eli was randomly sitting behind them listening in on there conversation haha
try their website. it's probably on there somewhere
That argument with your #Brain to behave and not be a
<U+201C>: thx, likewise!<U+201D> thanks guy!
Pissed when I got off work to watch ESPN and find out the Pacers lost.. Then I remember I had left over Chinese in the fridge to eat.
Counting down the hours til I get off nd smoke this dank
my meditation time has turned into having a banana and coffee while the floor rattles during soundcheck.
Thanks...we spent the week in Santa Cruz with my inlaws. 7.5 hrs up...but a long drive home.
It happens! But ill let my mom know!
Oh shit. That's what David Beckham's voice sounds like?
follow me back ma
Tonight join for our 5th Anniversary champagne toast 4-8PM. Toast @ 5:30. Refreshments will be served.
Glee is super not cool. Just listen to MJs songs and watch his videos.
#AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect by all men.
40 min worth of circuit training during lunch. I feel so much better. Feeling burnt out from running, need to put FUN back in my training.
aha....#ThatWallPost the classic #Aha.............. legit though, get out
youve been cursed
Don't worry, ours is worth around the same lol!
followed back i waz ya 1000 follower grand :)
I'm on their tour bus. Learned a new word, "Lawrencian."
& , I like the 2012 prediction! Jack just saw a commercial & said, AmFam is really getting ahead with the 'Dreams' ads!
I'm so glad ion have a boyfriend. Niggas something!
Just found out my ITRT team and I will be presenting at NCSS this December in Washington, D.C. Anyone else find out?
Hey, thanks! Might have to steal the "beeriodical" term. RT your beeriodical is looking good!
thanks for the follow amber. ad2 is Kewl.
<U+201C>: We're Asian, we almost always look younger than we are. That's our blessing ^^<U+201D> so true!
With 16% of the Michigan vote in...I'm banking on The #Newt to win the remaining 84% and put this nomination in the bag.
On the road again DC or bust
I've been good! and ''little one'' isn't so little anymore put it that way! :D
We just sent out a press release about our auction tomorrow. IT's looking like a great day to auction some awesome things tomorrow!
#artsed #nyapd #f2fconf pd for arts educators should have expertise coming from the educators and be engaging and fun
are you still looking for an #OWS photo? I think I know someone who took some today.
I wish i knew people.. Important people. Not you.
The art of window dressing...Check out Hunter Douglas their designs are exceptionally attractive!!!
& leggings with no panties or thongs underneath I c that a lot
Ha! That, and foot stomping like a toddler. I have tea, but let's face it, tea doesn't cut it sometimes.. Like today.
I play my enemies like a game of chess, where I rest, No stress If you don't smoke sess, lest. I must confess, my destiny's manifest...
By far the worst dental cleaning l have ever had!
Teaching at NYU today after a long break, nice to be back. Teaching is learning.
Respect your parents, they pay for your internet..
Californos is delivering great food all around Midtown Kansas City today! Parmesan Chicken, Mixed Grill, Lasagna Buffets; boxed lunches too!
To all my followers(bolduc sheedy and joe): Go Cats. May we kill the Hawkeyes like like Sheedy kills a pie from Dominoes. Temple is awesome!
Its not what you achieve in life, it is what you overcome.
:) RT : Thrilled to be attending TWB'S production of Alice in Wonderland at the Kennedy center !! The costumes are to die for!
I'm not for sale. I'm fucking Love, do you understand what I'm saying? Like, the Beatles were for sale. I give it away.
<U+0001F339>#MothersDay must have put everyone in a loving mood. Everyone's so happy today! Did I not get the memo? Lol
There's no way to map the path of a walking tour w/o looking like you're lost and talking to yourself. Or maybe it's just me?
Wow, I didn't even realize it was Good Friday today until yesterday. Where have I been?
And cheaper snacks! :)
Thanx Phillie, had a great time....and a cheesesteak!
Today is World Cafe's flashback to 90s music. Just started here.
The last couple days of high school are them days
Another great day.... Yay ...... Drinking myself to pure happiness tonight. F'n Grooven come join.
Here's mine AC...U cheated...there's the door...& May it Hit U on the way out 4 being so bad....& that was my argument!! LOL
The cord to the dish is strung over my door! It's like a redneck archway into my kingdom!
#IdLikeToKnow Why guys think its cute for your underwear to be showing. Please grow up, put the spiderman boxers away, and buy a dang belt!
Not happy this morning that voters in OH chose to continue to reward mediocrity and sub-par performance
<U+201C>: I plan on putting eggs all around the nursing home to lure in new quilters...<U+201D>
So tired that I left my iPad on a #southwestairlines #swa plane. They called within 30 mins and assured me it was safe.
i know i've asked this before but, do i smell good?
I'm in vegas this weekend. Gimmie your lucky number for the roulette table tonight hun.
#scarythought MY MOM IN A BIKINI *shudders*
You da BOSS
Great dinner last night! Audrey was an outstanding server and the food was, as always, amazing!
Thanks for coming out! RT Early morning tree planting with and
my glass is always half full, but it's best when it's wine in the glass!!
I can't believe Justin hit #20millionbelibers today. That is so amazing. <3
Smiling is how Angels Tweet! Its why infants smile so much.
I gotta say... Flacco did his thing!!
Turns out my agency's Administrator rode along in the limo w Pres to small biz round table at Taylor Gourmet today. Said the limo rides ruff
so i'll probably fail hahaha
I think I'd rather be told I have cancer (again) than hear about an ACL tear on Mo. Seriously. I'm more prepared for that than for this.
Does anybody else think the gurl in the T Mobile commercial is sexy?
Over lunch yesterday had a great talk with a hbb'er and how she is switching gears from one business to another; good neworking; more later.
you might be in luck...
The cats out of the bag now!
In Loco => In the place of
If you don't ALLOW any goodness to come to you, it doesn't matter how much goodness God or anyone GIVES you, you will never receive it. <U+2665>
has a point. You always indirect tweet
Not really feeling my local weathermen today, who all called for a dry day. #gonnabeawet12milebikeridehome grrrr
lol that was a funny site
If you guys are interested, they'll be a tumblr post about info and stuff in a little.
Up crying like crazy cant believe I put all my cards on the table to b sitting by myself n the relationship
I thank God every day for sending me the most wonderful husband in the world.
Check out my brand let me know what you think for a RT
Authenticity is your most precious commodity as a leader.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen a girl sucks at sucking dick? Lol
#so to the lady that tried to blow her horn at me but it didnt work <U+0001F602>
"In case you missed it, tomorrow is Hoosier Nation Day! All loyal IU fans should wear cream & crimson. Support the Hoosiers! #HoosierNation"
that's the attitude
he needs to come home with you, he could see Hilary before he goes back
haven't seen my mom in a while and after .5 seconds I remember why...... SHE DRIVES ME NUTS!!!!!
RT Tropical Storm Maria? So pedestrian. How long must we wait for Tropical Storm Rumor? Hurricane Scout? Super Typhoon Apple!
Sunday night equals homework time . Haha !
Can't wait for today ! Jerrrseeeeyyyy <33 followers ?
Nefti's looking great tonight! So is Blake Bevan, tho.
People adore you; you'll do great. : )
I dont know what to do for my birthday! Anyone have any ideas?
We want to raise the bar for #westbaltimore and for the city
Pottermore sorted me in Ravenclaw. Day made.
I really don't feel like doing my homework today ! Oh well , I'm bs-ing this -.-
My mom called me pretty today. Havent heard that from her in a lonng time :o
Because sometimes home doesn't mean the house your family lives in.
I can't remember how to warp to 8. I know how to warp to 5, and I suck at it. Btw, 8-2 kills me everytime
Follow if you love TVD #shoutout is courtesy of writer of upcoming book series
How are so many still tweeting right now. It's 5 am go TF to sleep.
LUCK is on our side! lesgo colts
bahaha why do you send me a dm!?:b lol tweet!! haha
game on!
Congrats on your engagement Michelle, we hope you give us a try for your registry!
I'm about to punch this nerd on front of me and that won't push his way out in the parking lot <U+0001F44A>
I am loving this mall:3
I never said I was perfect....
Cooking channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes. the Neely show
Yay! 's Smodcast Internet Radio launched today!
will you marry me??
We schedule our milestones around
Reasons to like The Planets: is STELLAR, K. Urbanski is OUT OF THIS WORLD plus how often do we sing off-stage & outta sight?!
Oh, that would definitely be a problem. I tried to give a Span-speaking patron the Span. version. 1 hold.
I can't express my feelings or tell you how I feel, I can just show you.
Jethro has a great weekend with 7 Prostaff Member fishing in the Southern open on Harris & the Everstart on the Big O. W/ 3in the final day
mean girl
Good Night People..
Now we're going to count off in 3's to pick groups. Ready?
The jorts are out tonight rock/cena
People who don't accept you for who you are, aren't worth knowing you anyway!!
excellent! Looking forward to catching up!
and my chest on here cuz bitches luv it
We say FACT! #VAlueYourPower RT : Myth or fact? Closing off vents in unused rooms helps save #energy & lower your monthly bill.
ok I will let you know by Friday
HUGE LIFE MOMENT: Our four blueberry bushes just yielded a cumulative two blueberries. A small but delicious first harvest.
You did the impossible, gained my trust
Became a United States Resident this morning. No more worries, my husband & I can live happily ever after right here if we want to;
Report those compliments to your ass before it grows so big it forms its own website
Ill wait to make that tweet
Jesus the bullpen is terrible.
I still can't believe Betty is fat
it's because I'm right. I love you too baby girl :)
pretty default pic mama
Miles Davis Class at 2!! Then 2 rehearsals tonight.....I think its nap time till class....
My Pleasure !
but today is Monday :(
Dynamic Duo at the door; Fantastic Five slicing and dicing behind the bar.
..and lots of body procedures-breast augmentation of course, skinny people often loss breast tissue , probably lipo, zeltiiq
I noticed a disturbing pattern - most key movie quotes (the ones that everyone remembers & re-quotes) are spoken by men.
Bleh! Can't sleep.
Got a head-ache out of this WORLD. :-/
aliyah call me
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
and me, a simple medical sociologist. #bioethics #AJOB #celltex this is a big story, so revealing.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU
Sometimes the modicom of talent you have in an area exists for your deeper appreciation of it. It doesn't have to be your life's purpose.
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the past and move on. Forget what hurt you, but don't forget what it taught you.
#lessexcitingbandnames Jay-Zed
me too! I miss it!
thank you!! So glad you found me here he :)
Well now you just set fuel to the fire ;)
Ugh now the second most annoying person walked in help
Aww don't worry you can do it! :)
thank u for ur support. Every athlete has an Everest-ours is helpin each challenged athlete accomplish theirs
Thanks! We are very excited to be there Monday morning!!!
Earnings falling like a rock for utilities as distributed individually owned renewable power becomes cheaper than central-station en
weird talker
It is awesome the patio rocks! : LOL shire-licious!! I have not but it has to be the best atmosphere for a restaurant e ...
Oh Whitney when you where great you where the greatest. Some of the best 80's tracks ever and one hell of a movie along the way.
Never let someone else's impression of you ruin your image of yourself.
Local Appliance Repair Company, AM PM Appliance Repair, is Now Offering All Customers a Five Year Warranty on All ...
Hey! Ppl I am bck go follow and
Alright rios be the hero
#Imagine Fingering your pussy<3
nailed it. RT A3: Do not confuse Perception and need for approval. Trust your gut.
Thanks for the mentions! :) Happy Halloween.
Who doesn't love October? Especially since Halloween is right around the corner! RT
It's payday!! <U+E12F>
Clay St Denver TCC flavors of the month are...Caramel Spy & Summer Knockout! 100% of the proceeds benefits TCC Kids!
": Wonder what I'm doing tonight...."
Nope. I'm still following?
Chicken nuggets! Ftw<3
yeah i guess time needs to be calculated...
Baseball season has come to State Street. Hear the sounds of America's pastime this April on
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it. Dick Cavett
Donald Duck as Sweeney Todd. He's got the rageful, explosive resentment thing down pat.
After prom its going to be a whole different story .
Hey Richard! I've been a twitter slacker lately, but I'm doing well. Creating some great corp & service org convos :) you?
RT : is giving great talk on Twitterology!! Did you know there's a unique URL for every tweet?
recently. i hope you are now following ? and don't forget - she is going to be my #femfash blogger
Come join us for an awesome steak for $10.95 and $1 off all taps tonight!
Tryin to save a little gas/energy, and decide to roll the windows down in the car instead of a.c....then u get the heat blast!!!
Officially done with #ala11 stuff. Looking forward to dinner w/ MOH
i would buy you an extra box;), but we dont have girl scout cookies in england:(
at the collisium watching motorcycle racing on ice...so cool! i wanna do it! now i hav the itch to hop on my quad! you boys like Mexico
creepy my brother is listening to this and like it came on my feed as that part was playing O_O haha
: When u r so close to someone u can hear there voice when u read there text. :)
when people show you they are crazy....believe them!!
Sinking my teeth into The Hunger Games
Thanks for the follow. We're following you now too!
Broncos Win. Raiders lose. And the pathetic CSU Rams just fired their head coach. Good day in sports.
"There are few joys in life more profound than watching an idea blossom into something special." Christel DeHaan, 2006.
I feel ya. How goes the hunt for Satan?
well you could always turn on basketball :)
An inventory KPI for : qty. of employee discount redemptions
Have long thought pick performance was best when public had strongest ("most exploitable") opinion but with 7-0 start in NHL playoffs....
Thanks a million!
For a momma who is wonderful- a box of Irish breakfast tea from , a hanging plant &.chocolate! & a visit to !
stop holding back. let go of your fear of making a mistake. No mistake will ever be greater then the grace given to you! Step OUT!
Good morning. Welcome to our store on this 4th day of April :)
Lmao just noticed ur wearing ur sunglasses over the mask.Nice!
Johnson County 8th Grade and Perry County getting set to kickoff in the championship game of the Big Sandy Valley Conference Tournament.
silent killer.
After a great NHL day yesterday today is about as uneventful as I've seen in awhile
Half of analysis is anal.
Totally. We still meeting up to waste our digital lives this afternoon?
man spring break is almost over
what ya painting?
RT Farting in crowded galleries #secretjoys# <--only use one hashtag baby :-)
Forgot the game was on television out of market tonight. Still listening to & Dave though.
Deep thinking
Thought 8- in 5 games against the #dodgers, the Brewers are 4-1. There have been a total of 16 runs scored in those games..
Its creepy
Never heard that. Where did you read about the liver-destroying nature of java, my life's blood?
Yes, , female red bellied woodpecker. Photo was shot at high magnification from cell phone, so kind of grainy. Great job!
oh i remember. N heyy! Imy2. Wats been up?
See your boy cp3 crying like a baby all night last night?.. I did. Game 6 baby!
Hear hear! RT Congrats to (Hank Phillippi Ryan), nominated for 3 Emmys for investigative reporting!
Happy #MusicMonday! What's on your playlist today?
I miss it there! Did you see the huge apple store?!(:
I think the biggest hang up for artist is to not worry about harsh critics, but to paint what one loves and what people want.
Playing music while at the gym is so important to keep you having fun and entertained. If you don't have a workout mix, you should
OH YEAH 69 followers I love it
...and a serviceman<U+2019>s standpoint on Iraq that is important to the story. SaM
Great to see a play at the plate end the game in Cincinnati last night. What a throw!
In case you're considering buying furniture from Macy's, reconsider. It's been a long slog through people who don't know much about service.
"Sprinkle of Greatness" the mixtape featuring Tex! Coming in Feb! Free Tex! Meanwhile, search us on Rhapsody! Tex and Rook
Sounds like a blast! Keep enjoying every minute
RT : I'm switching carriers! Sprint is horrible!
Last year my pregnant daughter convinced me she was in labor and driving to the hospital by herself.
Happy 4th of July #America!
NO IM NOT CUTE. BOYS DONT THINK THAT UNLESS I RANDOMLY MEET ME BUT AT MY SCHOOL NOPE.
Dam this subsutie yelld in my ears!!! He told me i didnt do nothing all day :-) lol
nothing bright about school :/
that's a lot to explore.
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
crazy crazy ... hihihi
I've had a headache on and off for the last week. I wonder if I'd miss it if I just got rid of the damned thing...
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW ASAP :) FOR SURE :)
It will be great to see you, too.
great pic, love it!
I've been listening to it non-stop since the finale, you did an amazing job!!!
All of the people moving out right now are making me jealous.
Head to the game in Sac ...
Most pieces I enjoy, it's just weeding through the other 4000 word articles to find them.
so who's your favorite bachelorette??
got to try that
why does Cotton have tv advertisements? As if they have much to compete with! Hemp has Cotton running scared!
is refusing to cancel my service, transferring me to the wrong numbers, and charging me for equipment I don't have. Not ok.
I still can't believe this happened to me . . . :'(
my boy needs some beats
He: "When do you want to go walk to lunch?" Me: "I'm downloading this beard, I'll be done in just a second".
i'm telling you I never saw it so i wasn't mad about that and I wouldn't get mad at that
omg D: I'd give them some sex videos , I bet they'll like it
Peace to Shane @ Comey Dog!
i had a great weekend. how about yours?
Ha. Clouds ate the top of all the tall buildings downtown this morning.
Andy Weatherall is a
Just spoke with Apple rep about way to sync 20 iPads for classroom use. Answer=no easy way. We'll keep experimenting and let you all know.
- thanks on sharing. hope we'll see you both there!
aw dont say that im sure you are <U+2665>
Hines Ward was the toughest wide receiver in my lifetime.
Approx twice a year I eat at Basil and I am disappointed 100% of the time.
** and come on i wont be able to get on during thaaa weekend
You look so much like your Grandma Dorothy. Is that Chuck with you? What are the boys names and ages?
As of August 26, 2009 SinCityCrossFit is now on Twitter! We are very excited... www.sincitycrossfit.com
I was going to tell you how amazing you are, but you wanted everyone to stop tweeting. Your loss, I guess.
I've been grinding out on Ultimatebet today, a little sad I'm not playing at the WSOP Main Event.
Dancing to Florence & the Machine "Shake It Out" at !
Chase your passion, not your pension. -Denis Waitley
on dvd?
it's s frame from a beepod, and I think the good vibes here are keeping them happy.
We thrilled to start another week of rehearsals with the awesome cast of Casual Encounters/Missed Connections!
I'm trying to find my chi after this Lakers loss... but I can't. UGH. Angry as hell.
pimpin all ova the world
I'm getting blisters on my feet cause of PE. Yoooo that's not even cool man!
Ready to put the finishing touches on an outstanding week... a Hoosier win would be the perfect ending!
Finally Netflix decided to do something right!
and hosting Anti-Corruption Roundtable today at #Crrowe Horwath NYC offices. Great program on tap!
how about paying in order to be a promoted account? How much feria do you think he spent?
it's so hard to find stuff...
glad that your fam is ok. are you heading to tonight?
miss ya too...things r good ... totally relaxed....gonna do sports talk on the Fan .. start Sun
"God isn't interested in your comfort zone" -Mark Lancaster
Happy Halloween, everyone!
#cookingtip Add finely ground instant potatoes to purees as a thickener. You can also pulse regular potato flakes in your food processor
"it's not that I am against winter, I just don't like compromisng my footwear for whatever is falling from the sky"
hey how have ya been?
It was tense, not scary. Whimsy kept it from being scary, e.g. naked brother, msg. under wallpaper, a bow and arrow??
TGIF!.. Have a great start to the weekend!!
Hey, Moe, when were you thinking of calling me, 8 as always?
That is awesome! I like DTLA <3
no name, just a number for Eastway CMPD. 704-336-8535. I could not believe they gave him a ride home after what he did.
that's over %100 profit so I would think so.
She is a straight clucker
If the #Heat lose tonight, what does that mean? I always think reg season can't be taken too seriously. But this would be bad...
OH: "I'm so bitter I might be a Republican by Friday."
i just did an hour and a half of cardio dedicated to that freggin' vanilla semifreddo at
I guess it really is #ThirstyThursday 'cause a nigga' be feenin'. *-*
I'm up taking it all in! heard the one of the homies didn't make it.. #RIH BUD T diggy
Can we say Cardinals suck!!! Thank God I'm a Jets Fan
awww you guys aren't losers! You are just waiting on a hot babe to come around ;)
It would seem most of the residents of my home state have forgotten why we got the nickname tar heels. Be immovable in your courageous fight
Not my fastest, but it'll do. Bring on the Shamrock Shuffle. I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Strange approach to social...tweeting only about people who unfollowed. Good response!
Post-rain earthworm gauntlet: I ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE.
The OKC National Memorial Event will be a dream-come-true after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
hamburger-fried ground meat, meatloaf-baked ground meat, meatballs-boiled ground meat
omg i love you<333 ur the best singer ever!<3
yeah, it's pretty cool right?
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
Life is a movie script. Act accordingly
Just tuning in. I see my #Bulls are handling business so far. Let's close it out fellas
Perkins with and (hash tag) #LizGlover ;)
Forgot to put product in my hair today.
Christopher Hitchens, why did you have to die before I discovered and met you?
Under Pres Bush we terrorized nations and Americans alike by stripping away their freedom, you fucking asshole
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 353
RT : votes against keeping college affordable for students - again sides with the Tea Party
Well hopefully I passed that final. I am offically a nervous wreck
Thinking about Michael Carter and all he taught me. I am thankful for his Hope and Love he gave to Baltimore.
right??? LA for hang time then SD for Mal's Bach party (not the composer).
Will be live on Tomorrow at 6p-9pm will be live in the building for a AutoBot Takeover!!!!!!
scotland on sunday AIRSOFT TRIPLE OUTTAKE VIDEO POLAND, SCOTLAND :)
I'm Delayne Hiott~Sold Very Profitable Small Biz Of 17 Yrs To Persue online marketing full-time. I Show PROOF of INCOME/STATS!2 MANY LIARS!
Thanks for the RT!! Hope you all are having a good week so far :-)
Wow ?Felon?
Cabin in the Woods is AMAZING!! Pure genius! Perhaps the greatest horror movie ever!
#Makeup tip: Pressed powder foundations are great for normal to oily skin. If you have more mature or dry skin, try a liquid or cream.
why do we have a meeting? Is it like because seasonals coming on like our holiday meeting? Do we get free shirts again?!
Last Tweet
Today is going to be a long day!!! Comicon today so stoked!!!!
but u will fall
I don't know how to add u on path nor do I know how to use it lol help
Frock the Vote!
"...more girls are killed in this routine 'gendercide' in any one decade than people were killed in all the genocides of the 20th cent..."
It's always better when it's free !!!
thank you hunnie!
thought you both should know.. i just burped
Well anyways, Vans Warped Tour in about 80 more days for me, and 31 more days of school left. So I'm happy.
I have to admit I found #MyWeekWithMarilyn rather dull - That's the problem with expectations... Disappointment comes when they are not met
fuckin dumb bitches!
Today's the day
for millennials, green is the new goth
it's just lyrics from a song
ha that's wasup bruh..next week Monday then, b ready cuzzzz
A lot of times people mistake my kindness for something else. And it's frustrating as shit.
Reviving the sadly neglected LITAForum twitter account. :-)
she said yes
My homeland is an expensive place, no? Good luck finding the right place! When in doubt move inland!
what girl? And Hannah Goddard
#obrotherwhereartthou is going to be the next trend, thanks to you and I think #Aladdin is going to the vault?
Mayne getting my money up so I could spend it all on my girl and niggas .
who you got for the NBA ??
Taste of Alpharetta :)
that's true, I find Twitter better for this kind of 1on1. I find Facebook best for interacting with my group of close friends.
Live, love, learn three words that never get old.
Held an 18-month-old on the plane today while her traveling-solo dad took a pee. Oh that baby-on-the-hip weight ...I'm still reeling.
Make that a double
<U+201C>: Money in the bank shorty what u drank<U+201D>
Someone pick me up and take me to the reserve game
yumbutter now at Willy Street Co-op East AND West! ch-ch-check it out and help us feed a kid in need with our BuyOneFeedOne.
wonderful again.
Free baseball on opening day...
omg, i didnt know i could put the writing infront of yur name
The 'tires' on those beasts are kinda heavy. You need cribbing and scene safety too.Agreed: not too high needed.
so was mine from yesterday. well a little exaggerated but yeah. dude my mom bought me these notebooks, perfect for lyric books
Mixed elements reminds me of an older !(:
do you like gee tonight?
I really am! Me and my 30 min. breaks :D
Too many boxes to fit in her house...don't worry about the whole married factor..
Thanks for hanging with us. What did you have? RT : at for breakfast
The "mysterious" booms and shaking in #Clintonville are still unanswered. Geologist are even baffled.
Shabbat shalom, everyone! (Scheduling in a "Day of Rest" was a really smart idea...)
there are two problems in not getting a shirt..... 1. MONEY.... 2. My parents
I got a mustang for a pet!
"Its so hard To sleep when My dreams keep me Awake!" Lol i Love s bio <33
I love it when my supports me whne I do certain bad or violent things <3
Exactly. You monetize differently for google reader(s) than blog visitors. But there are ways to push ads, promote sponsors<U+2026>
Sitting in class watching and videos instead of doing work. So much more fun :P
Success is coming
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
time 2 sleep
C-ville, don't be late! Bronzed Chorus are gonna rip up the front end of this bill! And them other guys ain't no slouches neither...
4 days and counting for your 13.1. You got this?
aye nigga I'm not in the mood for ur shit today <U+0001F612>
Mr. Elway congrats on being back with Broncos - I gotta throw something out there - would like to see more Tebow Wildcat plays!
#car2go will be at San Diego City College until 2pm today! Stop by to register for FREE and win up to 60 FREE driving mins!
"Check for an organ donor card""He had no wallet, I checked" "It cost us thirty-five hundred $""Five thousand, three hundred $ for a dummy?"
Its my birthday today, just gotta get that out there.
Wait...RIP Fergie was trending? I missed this o.O I hope this was a rumor you assholes!! I almost had a heartattack!! -_____-
I'm right here. :)
- Now its up to $3.18
Dieting for years mirrors insanity You keep watching yourself over eat crap over and over again Yet, watching obese people not diet is worse
it's been forever. are you a grad already?
Wow the village has really grown! I think I was one of the first ones to come to the village lol :)
Heyy Frida :) Do you have a Facebook?
You better not give Cutler food poisoning Sammy! Let's get to 4 and 3.
how are you?
Eagerly awaiting my first free #ebook using Overdrive app w/my library. Annoyed they only have EPub. Can this still work on #Kindle?
I wonder if Rip Hamilton wears the mask when he plays pick up ball.
Omg.....have HUGE decisions to make. Think I'll pray about it.
Sometimes I really feel like I'm flying:). Ever have that feeling? Best feeling in the world!
Headed back to the crib but first gonna stop and get somethin to eat, and watch the game.
Don't assume my tweets are about you. But if you<U+2019>re affected by them, then that obviously means you<U+2019>re guilty of something.
is getting her own show on MSNBC. #stoked!
I was gonna buy some veggies but I got too annoyed at being denied Tanqueray and left. Fuck you too Winn Dixie!
you're a fucking idiot
Are you serious?
Turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wish I'd realized what I had when I had you.
I've only been on summer vacation for a Week and my summer has already been fuckin awesome!
In my view, the Oscars would gain a lot if they would just replace lots of it with a festival of the animated short nominees.
bummer, but that's what downtown abbey does to ya.
True! Come to #Seattle & we'll visit his kitchen. Benefit?! RT : I have (twice!) -- he's delightful.
Great news!
Lucky Charms are the best thing since fruit rollups
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
Lazy Saturday taking care of my sick fianc<U+00E9>e and reading.
You do it I Did it,I been on my Job
I'm reeeeaally feeling twitter today. A cool change from fb.
Happy 238th Anniversary to the Boston Tea Party!
Magazines should really make pictures more cutter friendly
John Quinones announces his run for Congress. Dems on the brink of possibly losing a safe seat. Not good.
I would totally watch a reality show with and
Here's to loyal optimism for the Longhorns today: Horns up!
It's study time, children!
The University of Delaware Recruitment Fair is in full swing!
what r yall watching
Hey, only 35 pitches through three innings. Wait what? 35 balls?
nice, working on my first got some catching up to do
Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops.
he suffered a lot but he had a positive outlook and was stronger then any adult I ever knew
I hate when my weekend doesn`t go as planned :/
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do!~T. Harv Eker
-__- I got yelled at during Civil War today . LOL
oh cool, btw I'm 18! Seriously this is the life.
Lord Ganesh Sandalwood Carving 40% Off Today Only
This reddish orange color isn't for me tho..
Check out To Satellites great band from South FLA ! Support your local scene and support indie clothing lines! Stay Tuned! -The TV.
What's the trajectory of resolution and frame rate in the age of pixels?
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Thanks for RTs!
Don't know if u fallow ur fans but would appreciate if u fallowed me! I'm a new fan. Heard a few of ur songs now I'm hooked!
follow back?(:
thanks hon. That means a lot to me. I'm gonna be back at MC this summer or fall. :)
#gift #wrapping for #christmas :)
Are times really that bad that people would steal from a car and a little girl. I just cant believe they did that to my family!!
When asked how he felt about his failures inventing the light bulb, Edison replied, "I now know 1,000 ways how NOT to make a lightbulb"
sucks to suck?
Shooting tomorrow. Feeling strangely melancholy.
Endless man love for Gary... <U+201C>: Tonight is why I am so proud to call myself a Terp. Love you Gary.<U+201D>
i have photos for you. DM me your number
Umm, did you mean to send this to me?
Sometimes I think my bro and I are different, and then I read what he has to say about gay rights and MCA and I feel we're the same.
Classic show yesterday I was recording the whole shit on the big cam in front talk to your manager bout beats send me ya email
Back in nyc
Finalists Named for Jewish Literary Award
Is that a challenge?
love that place. Good friends are on town line lake. Good wine too. :)
all the family photos I've ever taken.
Only The Hits Online Radio Will Be Back With A Brand New Show Starting Tomorrow Night @ 7PM. Spread The Word!
I want to see #battleship but I have no one to go with. <U+0001F62A>
came home showered pass the hell out.
i want you to notice me it would be fabulous... k thanks <333333333333
its Thursday here! Ugh sorry I missed it
Of course sweety.its first class wit u boo. marroit down town if u like as well
bow wow woof woof ("please follow me back" in dog) ;)
this is great... thanks!!
Young women in Chechnya
IM GOING TO RT 5 TWEETS :)
Hey welcome back old pal - From all of us, it's nice to have you "home"!
<U+201C>: All this Mcdonalds talk is getting me hot.<U+201D>
"I think that some employees welled up with tears because the polenta was so good." Doing our part to create tears of joy.
DOES ANYONE ELSE HAVE THERE PICTURE FOR THE VIDEO OR WANT TO BE IN IT?
... I was right by JoAnns when you were there!
thanks for all of the enthusiastic tweets - we're so excited that everyone is enjoying OldSF as much as we enjoyed making it!
your account has been hacked!
Fuck all them mfs right now
Bye bye Mancini?
It may hurt but I luv it! Last nite we could feel her little bony foot - she was pushing so hard against my belly.
The #'s are Devastating: 1 in 88 children in the U.S. Join us in the fight against Autism.
hooray for getting over a cold! I just over one a few days ago >.< just be sure to eat something so your tummy doesn't get m ...
Leaving Chicago with a head full of ideas. Thanks
Don't listen to the people saying your songs suck on Femme Fatale, if anything they're the best. :)
got you locked in...
Will there ever be an end to music?
quote of day from conference; Benjamin Mays (1953); "Nineteen centuries ago, an eternal light did come out of the East..
That weird moment when you get out of the shower and there's someone in your room . .
I'm sure it is! The speaker saying how it only matters to those involved in the beginning not to buyers later
oh okay i see the connection there
Why do a lot of people hate on Bryce Harper? Yes he's a bit cocky, but he rarely opens his mouth and says anything.
Anyone heard of Esperanza Spalding?
Not asleep as usual ;p
#WordsINeverWantToHear the vampire diaries has been cancelled.
Town's sewer pump malfunctioned & flooded this couple's family room - took 4 days to clean/clear out, that was last month
Thanks so much! Another blip on my odometer!
Good night at the rave, today was amazing :D cant wait for the next concert with local bands though
: Genesis "Momma"
we are not open Sundays.
tracked you down just to say that article about Pro gaming was beautiful. Excellent story telling.
Construction upstairs sounds suspiciously like an elephant attacking a whale. is that you making a movie?
Please tell that girl if you meet her, that someone's longing to see her....
yes brother jabril, yes
get me with the
Hey *high five* I'm sick too! :D lol I have a sore throat...wbu?:)
Anger manages everything poorly.
Come join us for thanksgiving brunch in the Abq Grill! Make your reservation today 505.830. 5791
ps. You mentioned knowing some good people out here in Seattle? (I was the one who relayed hellos from ) :)
Free Willy Nelson.
Nothing you have done can cancel out your purpose. Pastor Moore
Very true statement! Sometimes people lack the courage to apply it. Life is indeed too short to be stuck in unhappiness.
Bummer, Gary... Have fun in NYC.
HAPP NEW YEARS
is it chloe moretz
How do you outplay a team and lose 7-0? My squirts found a way...
Thank you guys for making me LOOK kool!!!
thank you for your support of FAMILY AFFAIR for giving people a platform to talk about these issues.
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard...try rising from the dead!
did you know that the L.A. Zine Fest is now offering Bike Valet? pretty cool....
Yesterday landed in Chicago w/ huge migraine, laid in bed at hotel, missed mtg, now leaving hotel in huge rainstorm to fly back.
yes I do I got to get up at 6:45am ugh :(
Waiting on the stoops for FedEx because my building is ghetto and doesn't have a buzzer.. They should be here in the next 7 hours...
stop it.
Uh oh.
Right not, to reach 90 wins, the Sox would need to play .600 ball over the last 131 games.
It's 1:20am... Good thing Sourcical never sleeps!
WGN-TV news anchor Mark Suppelsa takes break for rehab
work in the morning at Mt. View Market! yay!
a couple weeks ago I was attacked by a dog. I broke a bone in my hand that is in a weird spot & got 17 stitches. The bone will >
done eating , now to watch some tv then go shopping <U+0001F60F>
Welcome back Mr. David Fox! Thank you for re-joining the chapter!
can u ask edsheeran if he could wish for anything what would it be ?? Xx p.s I love you. X xx x x
hahahahhaha I'll ask the flight attendants of they have champagne, if not white wine will do
suits with pants rolled at bottom and sleeves rolled up, baggy inseams, I see that way too much in NYC w/ tailors everywhere
Oh so little sleep. Thanks :-)
NOPE THAT IS IMPOSSIBLE!!!<3 SINCE THE LAST TIME WE TALKED I'VE DONE NOTHING BUT CRY CUZ I MISS YOU!<3
inst you birthday may 4 if it is then happy early birthday and im def. gonna be saying it to u again on your birthday :-)
Japan earthquake: USGS PAGER Red Alert for catastrophic losses issued within 42 minutes
Good mornin' to you. Good mornin', good mornin'! It's great to stay up late, Good mornin', good mornin' to you.
is hysterical this morning!
were you there
Summary of Sold-out "Science of Inbound Marketing" Session at Dreamforce 2011
No; I'm actually working with a female artists and on tour right now, im putting together the new cd working with a new producer
thinking about collaborative research on digital literacy and engagement in frosh writing courses
I love the rare instances when a problem solves itself. Quick and painless.
I love your #wibblywobblytimeywimeystuff presentation. Brilliant!
Listen to the garden of #Wisconsin #democracy. God and #wiunion are organizing the choices that will grow. Freedom Sings with Justice June5
Atten:::: ANY HALF OVERSTUFFED SANDWICH & SOUP ONLY $10.95! Thats a deal people! Stop by!!
hahaha hope you and Humphrey (cow) had a good sleep!
Rehearsal tonight for #Amahl with the #Chatt_Symphony_Orchestra. Quite excited. Such a great show and cast.
getting off the internet to read a good book.
lets go swimming!
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> RT : So excited for popup. #foundingfarmers my go to place for holidays/brunches/Tuesdays ...
A lot of my favorite blackberry theme developers aren't making themes anymore:( bummer
I want to feature one of your blog posts on BlogHer. Please email me virginiaDOTdeboltATblogherDOTcom for more details.
Happy birthday princess <U+0001F382><U+0001F389><U+0001F388><U+0001F483><U+0001F48B>
well that sucked haha
have another on me then...lemme do some digging, I think i can swing it.
yours is the honor of having the first account that soft-bounced my email newsletter. ;-)
i like, but i did not have any direct influence!
goodnight my dear followers :)
I think I just heard Michael Giacchino quote "A Love Supreme" repeatedly in the Medal of Honor: Vanguard soundtrack
White Earth Tribe proposes metro area casino with revenues split 50/50 with state to build new Vikings stadium
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
Who's going to see The Hunger Games tonight? #MidnightHungerGames!
model up :) so much to do to
I was saying that caus im blinded by yellow when im on your page. haha
buses seem really slow when you're late
A Louis Vuitton hand bag is a Accessory not an Accomplishment!!!
Painting Flowers
Justin Masterson is a white Jamaican
Rick Santorum probably started fake-swearing again when Obama called Ryan's Budget a TROJAN Horse. U know how much he hates contraceptives.
Hey, good morning. Have a great day!
The dogs will be back for finals. They're currently scheduled for Tues., May 15 from 4-6pm
He would tweet me while sitting next to me if i let him i almost threw his phone out the window the other day
Why am I awake. Back to sleep.
Good morning everybody, enjoy your weekend:-)
ha! Yeah, if I like a super-long book, odds are it's space opera
Whatta night. I love summer
yayy thats so good u can transfer!! But im going to be lonely ):
ah. no way no way no way. hannah is so jelly.
daddy craig are they gonna add more tour dates? cos BOSTON really Loves em !i pray they come, my fingers are crossed on dat(;
I'm not smart enough for stuff like that.
Ever since this began, I was blessed with a curse.
I'm so excited for you :) I have 6 wks till due date.
Living young&wild&free
RT ArtOutside is this weekend- are you going? We are and we would love to see you there!
May do some interval training in Runyon- gotta get in stellar shape before I attempt your bootcamp!
LMAO. The car is beyond clean - inside and outside. I just took it to the car wash.
Don't let them get you down, Ax! You're the man, you got this! Go Crew!
needs to start agreeing with mee..
Just sent in a proposal for another special topics class on serial murder for Spring 2012. Looking forward to teaching it again!
thank you all my training partners and Coach Ryan Mann
Think i should do a Valdez look with my beard.
Thanks for including us in your #FF!!! Have a great weekend!
big thank you to all the men and women of the 47th Ward Streets and Sanitation yard!
thank you!!!!
Hyde: copyright, or copy DUTY? #SustUnbound cf. Pete Seeger's pre-emptive copyright of We Shall Overcome, followed by est. of trust
Spinach salad, Quinoa stuffed peppers, porterhouse steaks
#2WEEKS till "iPhone" premieres on VEVO!
RT : Vote in our NYC Restaurants Survey for a chance to win dinner for two at your favorite restaurant ($500 value) <U+2014>...
I saw the show the other day, and I loved it! The show deserves a packed house every night.
Met Joe Black, same movie, just told in the past tense #removeoneletterfilm (via )
Always enjoy hearing talk biz!
How scary 2 black cats just popped up in front of me...one at a time it was crazy
the sick part is that this has crossed my mind and part of me is elated.
Bored to Death is maybe the greatest TV show I've ever seen. Just, FYI, twitterverse.
With all the congrats going around I'd like to congratulate on a great weekend. Despite losing, he definitely earned many fans!
RT : Why does'nt have proximity sensors by escalators? <-- your common sense has been rejected by
lets do that every day!!!!!!!!
Just edited the 1st episode or "The Mourning After", our web mini-series coming to the web this February!!!
thanks for the to keep us awake at our new office!
Hi maintaoistes, thanks for following!
nope not kickball, bocce.
who'd you end up meeting?
I agree, and unfortunately this was a Tecmo I repeat for you, even with a better seed! RT : Groups of Death suck.
you like it when it gets in your mouth.
Happy viet/chinese new year bitches!
getting all gangsta lately
Aw, is that your doggie? Super cute! I just want to hug him... her?
Another great NETSL conference. Loved the chocolate pretzels!
Not if it's about Yuni RT Would you be upset if I tweeted something kinda mean?
We have a bumper sticker here that says: "Content Over Bandwidth." It's as relevant today as it was 20 years ago, when we wrote it.
At 4PM, #OldeTownStadium will be showing: 'A Night on Walcrust' , 'Nobody But Her' & 'An Evening With My Comatose Mother'!
i would imagine that they eventually will. i think with verizon contracts and such for android it may take some time. but who knows
Still painting citifield-inside the park there are so many signs and billboards to paint on the ball!
saw u RT'd man. thnk u! i think i seen u in charles vill last week?
Jtfo Fa real doe
Only a mother as perfect as you, could have a daughter as perfect as me.
Randy Newman comments on Vitro's cd. <U+201D> It<U+2019>s a great honor to have musicians of this quality devote themselves to doing these really...
Nocatee Road Race and TT tomorrow.
I don't get the outrage around having Howard on that show. He's been well-behaved so far.
I miss you too!!!!
Sorry! I was mostly at the AAPA sister org- the Human Biol Assoc. It was a blur. It didn't help that I had no wi-fi there.
I could ask you the same question :P
so tired... going to bed early today but b4 going to hang out with friends and go shopping for a sundress:)))
RT : Valencia Co. fire crews resp. to a small fire off Hwy 47. Two nearby strucs threatened & evac'd.
Host has dubbed the anthem for my trip 'For Those About to Rock.'
Thanks for following
Just sang at my cousin's wedding in fort wayne ^__________^
RT for a shout out ;D
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
Having slips on this new phone--I meant to say Thanks, Michael! Cheers!
I want a man that talks like a man not a female!!
Happy 20th birthday, Sonic. Though his recent stuff's been ugly, I still feel Sonic 3 & Knuckles is the epitome of platform gaming.
santa clause saw Jesus crying and santa clause said whats wrong Jesus and Jesus said
mostly initial content, but some Ss choice for assessment.
I can't hold a grudge to save my life.
Even stupider
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Happy Birthday John Coltrane!!
dear men with long beards, it is extremely creepy, please shave. thanks , rd
England 13 - 6 Wales, half time, NICE
We're working on #branding assignments, and working to launch a new interactive and table top creative for a large #restaurant. Busy!
Ozaukee County is a small place
Four day weekend ahead! So excited to hang out, sleep in & do nothing.
#digitalindia Social media in the context of our missions. JSTOR Facebook page. Users ask questions, say nice things, offer critical advice
I wonder if u could submit a candidate hoarder for students to work on?
": I'm done. #seriously ; Linzie, your tweets tonight are making me very sad :(
<U+201C>Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.<U+201D> ~Tom Krause
GTE is good, GEG is better. I'm going san Quentin style.
I miss my grandma already <U+0001F614><U+2708>
he sure did.
Direct my footsteps according to your word; let no sin rule over me. -Psalm 119:130
Update/correction from Marriott lobby. Bon Jovi in the mix too
why is this lil girl tryin to talk to me using four DIFFERENT communication mediums?? GO TO SLEEP
The dreams you see most clearly are most likely to come true. Barney the dinosaur
yo where u going to be at tonight
eye hope your appointment goes well
I hope the Chicago Bulls saved their game before they played this last one.
_can't really enter caption contest being on theradio but if I could "they found the 51st shade of grey."
Working on some new paintings today...I hope.
MITT ROMNEY and PAUL RYAN'S PLAN puts many RACES across the NATION back on the PLANTATION. What will happen to IMMIGRATION? NLD Mom/ca. surv
together at last! Lol
R.i.p to a dear friend :( Robert
Happy Cinco de Yayo! Mex Hat Dancing down to the Track to place a few bets on Kentucky Derby Day, Tequila, Make it rain, Etc.
Guess What?? I Love My Hair! Yes I Do. Its Thick Natural Soft Shiny Beautiful Manageable and its all mine too.
Thank you. You post to much stuff.
If I'd known that I would have lent you my Hoosiers DVD! <U+201C>: First movie selection? "BASEketball" So inspirational!
*Cough* kinda.
dont i just put ya email in to send it wat email u got linkd to paypal
Good question! RT : A1: How quickly are you looking to hire
I wish #GandB was online. Life of a poor young professional without cable :(
Let the games begin.
<U+201C>: welcome back!<U+201D> thank YOU Danny!
Everyone hates me.
Do I really need to hollar?
yea get on my level mf lol
put your rhymes on the altar, burn them as a sacrifice #KRS #nowplaying D&D Allstars
God know..LoL.:D
how iZ my son doing
I survived! Only slightly worse for wear.
laughing my ass off right now. #creeper! hahaha.
is there still a happy hour planned for tomorrow in DC?
It would be awesome if there was a fruit snack package of only sour apple
wants to know if anyone wants to go see a movie tonight???
We only got 12 days left.
RT : Birmingham <~ WE GOT A FEW SPINS ON YOUR STATION
Everything is breaking today! My nails, my chairs, buttons on my shirt!!! #%!$ it's like I'm being punked.
oh pookie...maybe someday you'll be allowed to stand in front if the board instead of kneeling down under it.
Working on a client computer
Thanks for the love! We're very excited, too. Hope to see you soon!
Remember my prediction during the Manning saga and Marshall trade; Moore to Hartline starting qb/wr week 1.
thank you. no there isn't any more cause i didn't get the gig. rewriting a script for-hire now. must focus! lol.
well here's the thing I had one that was awesomeaglet but then I decided I wantd to start fresh so mynewone is "twinsofliberty
We work out of Wadsworth but Barberton has the best Sausage and Bread in the area that I can source locally. Now to answer...
Daily Special, Mon 04/23/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
Another sighting: A car with windows rolled down, blasting "Gettin' jiggy wit it" like it was 1998.
I bought Bonnie Tyler's car last year on ebay.It's fucking awful, every now and then it falls apart.
I have been such a bum b word today. I need to watch grey's and scandal.
Tila will win
Teacher: There is no language in which a double positive can form a negative. Student: Yeah, right.
so like when gay marriage is legal what are all the gays going to complain about?
He's a former TV anchor who is unemployed and my be hoping the pub will restart his career.
birthday suit attire tonight!
I think you would be an outstanding basketball announcer. A team of you and Kevin Calabro would be epic!
thanks for follow - making the trip from Chicago on May 19th?
Anyone else think Asian Hot Wings are inappropriate for Christmas Dinner? Ok, maybe, but I like em!
love the examples used here. Great tools
Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with light of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion.
Hola, listeners! Thanks for listening to The Neighborhood with me and ! We're SO gonna be BFFs! xx
Love you kiddo! Thanks for the RT.
So does that mean that your the boss now..lo
Thanks Dalton and THANKS for retweeting!!
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.<U+FFFD> Bruce Lee
congrats! hope everyone gets to see this production!
thanks Ted. have a great day!
Some good presentations so far. Can't wait for our turn
I deserve the best, fuck the rest.
LOL! Damn Foreign Cars! RT I swear every older model Toyota Camry I see has a hubcap or two missing
#HomeFromTexasFrightmare Thanks You guys rock.
now that I'm happy without you by my side you came back to me. Lol nigga u can go and jump off a bridge. i dont give 2 fucks about ya.
Tomorrow night at 6pm come see at Celebration OP! will be also be performing LIVE!
More artists added. Check it out - www.revosandiego.com/friends
i wish i was dat nigga u felt like dat about
Ugh poor me klaut and all :(
Hair is being a total knob
#Victorious and #iNickelodeonShow Somebody wants to trend this? Let`s help then !!! #Victorious and
"It doesn't cost a thing to smile - You don't have to pay to laugh...You better thank God for that." ::india.arie::there's hope::
Vote, #Buffalo! RT Round 2 for selecting the host city of #SoMeT starts at noon today! Help us beat El Paso, TX to advance.
Okay<U+2026> good luck with that #notwinning : im not writing off the bulls just yet<U+201D>
Going to dig into some before going out into the #MidPoint Music Festival. They are MPMF's longest running sponsor!
yes it is indeed.
I have a +1 for the preview Frieze New York tomorrow. Anyone want to join me?!
Usually I'm waiting at daughters dance studio 4 #IntDesignerChat <U+201C>: >amazing squeeze in from a taxi in LA<U+201D>
yea I bet ... A lot of bby employees made the same progression.. Dan, Sammy, and I all went to Pnc along with others I dnt no
Really... 19k followers!? Only if I had boobs and was cute lol
It was kinda cool to walk into the new lobby at today!
: we are going to be at booth 207, come find us at the booth!
#HappyMothersDay & rest of the hot mamma's in
this makes me so happy, lol! :)
band practice tonight big show on Saturday.
Was in Sarasota today, Seattle tomorrow!
How did you like Larry's presentation last night?
I just added you my follow list. And no I will not prepare to die Ike... I'm shall turn you to the light..the force is with me.
I'm going tonight too!
I Cant Wait No Time To Waist
Thanks for the info on tasting notes. Keep up the awesome work! Vive la Anodyne Coffee
Me and plans for the summer <U+0001F61C><U+0001F44C>
Syracuse Orangemen <U+2018>Syracuse Basketball Backboard <U+2019> Pendant <U+2013> Sterling Silver Jewelry
Unity A Journey of Hope does the same, we go the extra MILE for ourwish recipients. We are SUCCESSFUL
I'm going to look so sexy on Saturday in Portland... Conceded. Not giving a fuck.
At least you didn't use legalese language like heretofore or sixtofour.
#truth RT "I'm so sick of #PitaPit" -
Best online boutiques for the #curvygirl? Go!
Hey michael well we got a puzzle to solve now dont we?
I love you , love your body , your lips , your hair everything on you . *awww
It is so hot in my room
We would love to see that!
Portugal. The Man
can you follow me
i'm voting 'unacceptable.' office life is inherently non-funny.
We dont have one this year but we have a bunch of new photos & wallpapers on kings.com! Keep an eye out for the new SKD poster!
A bloody Mary makes doing taxes marginally less painful.
quit apologizing! Damnit man it's racing!
Getting smart on machine learning and recommendation engines. w00t!
to do list: kill Jay with my mad skills *check* xD
I Wanna Just Kill Myself Like ANYONE Would Even Care!! I'm Done
What is the meaning of life? To be happy and useful
Thanks to all our new followers! Awesome to see you all!
asks, best/worst of 2011 for workers? Feb. in Madison. Walker's budget and people's direct action to stop it. Started new mov't.
You really shouldn't eat that. You probably know where 's brain has been.
Glad to hear it. I'm grateful for our break from the biting cold too.
I'm not feelin' today ...
let every boundary be an opportunity to cross over to the next big thing - 19,000 tweets - yessirree!
RT - The Miami dolphins #TheyNeedToBringBack a miracle + dan marino
are you still recording records
I apologize for the spam everyone received. I WAS HACKED. Let me know if you recieve any crap about many a ton of money in a day. Thanks.
I like facebook for the groups
back to the office whirlwind after #dusaconf. pretending i am sitting in stillness with pico in rural japan. it's nice here....
and don't worry, i have an extra fixie & a 90s style thermal, so we can ride after the event. well listen to The Thermals too.
Ya'll bro it out or what?
Bad call ref
how did you get any work done?!
I'll whoop ya Sunday. Look 4 me. Ultimate Warrior. sec 150 Rw 9. I play rough!
he barely acknowledged me told me ty didnt sell that item and turned his back to me. No customer service skills at all!
"I imagine you're extremely pleasant to mount."
My episode of General Hospital airs the 16th @ 2pm on ABC // 10pm on the Soap Net !!
Get lost and get right with my soul.
I think he compares to a less heavy Ahmad Bradshaw. Thoughts?
Dexter rerun is almost on! Sweet jesus
The things me and do
so glad I stumbled upon the show. Changed my perspective forever
Samples and Drops are where the party is at! Check them out, up now, on #productionvault!
got most of paperwork today calling tomorrow to schedule..I will let you know but it probably won't be while u r there:{
That new record playing on right now is a problem.
My #Sweetlife sundance sun salutation whatever you want to call it commencing. No rain today!
goodbye emails are weird. people are nice. change is in equal parts terrifying and thrilling.
Time for the Easter egg hunt! May the odds be ever in your favor.
Bun Today <3
yeah! Austin Moon,Austin Mahone. theyre both hot. he went on this TV interview thing & he sings, maybe its just a coincidence
It's a great day to walk around Fountain Square! We are open from 12-7 today. Come on by after lunch
I'll give ya a shot of Vitamin Spinster ===> Haha I might need a shot before the weekend starts
my friends writing a really good roc royal and princeton story it is Rated R and Rated M
I'd say this was a little dramatic..
Hey baby! If ur ever I'm Detroit and need some TLC let me know. Yeah I'm for real RN.
"If i died today it'd be a holiday." -Weezy
My top #followfriday pick: - for headlines and breaking news on Milwaukee's business scene.
and I think that soak is preceded by a few classes ...
Is at home with Sam Hannah and Samantha :)
I love when hard core christians come to IUPUI . Hello we are a diverse campus and u can't change that.
Still in Jersey soaking up the holiday laziness as much as possible, but excited to start creating some new Stems asap!
Create jobs Save our Arts Make California once again the movie capital of the world! Join us May 12th!
<3 RT : #SomeoneIWannaMeet My followers they are so amazing &amp; funny
Whoever lookz ahead minimize the chances of ever going wrong. #Don'tLoseFocus
thanks for the follow
Beyond pissed! I will not be sleeping tonight
yeah we got our logos on a couple of fighters trunks but those fights wont be on tv.
me too! Wow you really are always in LA. Haha
10:30pm at Takoma, Glenmont-bound train's doors closed before man could exit, then caught him in door
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. Author unknown
I'm Trying:(
Hello, pretty lady! Sending you all the energy and good vibes you need, and then some. XO
Last Night was beyond fun! I'm still in recovery mode trying to get ready for Tonight! #YouDefinitelyKnowHowToParty!
why is that?
St. Francis - Subject reported armed with AK-47 and handgun. One subject has left the house.
Have you been using your #CN account? Let us know what you think!
Soundtrack Pro self-training this morning. Gotta learn more about audio to improve the quality of the podcast.
Just gonna wear a sweater, not really down to dress up
Goal - Get To Follow Me Before 2011 Ends!(:
pd is best when the instructor has a goal in mind for where we are going. It should have an element of discovery
Are we fighting the man or ourselves? WWB(lack)P(anthers)D? Jamal Joseph and Sonia Sanchez #InConvo at 3pm
I got chick that really like me but i think she like da dick
You gotta fill that FF Galactus story.
Fifty shaded of grey is amazing i cant put it down
Back 2 peeling eggs- we discovered electricity; walked on moon; launched Ipad - BUT no one invented a hi-tech home egg peeler
Don't be doin that shitty duck fuck face
Remember these trends? #GetAlexAndRobertOnEllen -Brooke
March 15th, The Ides of March. Quit Netflix in protest of their continued support of Limbaugh.
We are excited to welcome our newly appointed OEP National Liaison, Josh Watt from SCO!!
shout out to my new follower ...go follow! GO! WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE!...GO!!!
Great catching up with you too - looking forward to more #causemarketing conversations :)
super fun, thanks BB! Hope all is well in Auburn!
Wonderful; yes! Thanks for reminding us.
Damn its been a long time since I won Mr. CHS, to this day that was still 1 of the happiest moments of my life.
at least, for once, it didn't poop on you
Love that my 7yo can hear 6 bars and know it's Adele... Glad her voice is back!
bo, that must mean I missed you at the #adelaidefringe :(
People keep telling me that the'right person' will come along. I think my 'right person' got hit by a bus or something.
Man, i think last night was one for the books
come out and support the Veterans and Indiana Ice tonight!!!! Puck drop at 7:05pm!
hate when that happens
Congratulations to BlueGrace #Logistics' Sr VP of #Sales on being named a Sales Exec of the Year Finalist!
Dedication: MARIA G. VILLEGAS, miss you. "Mom"
Feels so good to be back in Prague after 12 days away. I missed my body pillow far too much
We would like to get more information about the work your doing in Ward 8! What is the best way to contact you?
I hate Derek even more though. He looks creepy
Blessing Of The Bock at starts in 4 hours. I'll be there in 3. Free Maibock for all from 5-6pm after the drinkers blessing.
Maybe Camping was right.Volcano in Iceland,earthquake in Hercules, CA, tornado near Topeka, Timberlake & Gaga rock SNL.
Chimneys! Get thee to 6th Anniversary Party immediately!
It's not only Hermes but the trend in this industry. DVF has launched its home collection, Armani has got the hotel and restaurant.
I LOVE YOU TOO NOW WAKE UP.
GOOD AFTERNOON MOMMA E. HAVE A FANTASTIC FRIDAY
Whats up? Thanks for following us on Twitter! We are an ALL AGES webshow from the Metro Detroit Area!
#Orioles face Red Sox tonight for first time since Robert Andino sent them home crying. Cant wait to hear #Boston fans cry again.
I. I believe. I believe that.I believe that we.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.
#RINGER was the best thing on tv Bring Back Ringer
I never said you were a bitch, I said you were making bitch comments.
I guess if there was a combination of whack and trifling, that would be the perfect description. Oh, and porcine.
I had fun trick or treating... Also spent time with Cassie, Cassidy, Caitlyn, Kendall, Jordanna, Gibby,Jake, Dereck & other friends toda ...
Good luck to this weekend!
it appears that he is trying!!! He has up hill battle ahead!!!
I know it is
RT - Cleveland Indians games, Cleveland Browns games, Cleveland Cavs games, Akron Aeros games and Cedar Point!
I won my first game of beer pong thanks to
this school bus irritates me..its way to sensitive to the little bumps in the road and the rocks.
I heard your book is on the shelves, congrats! Can't wait to read it
#YouNotUglyBut your cockiness level should not be that high .
always! & i need to visit you guys soon :)
Cool, I be right out. Btw I never wear a suit!
RT My wishes: 1 earn money w/out working. 2 be smart without studying. 3 love without being hurt. 4 eat without getting fat.
Blogging idea 3# How often do I need cleaning for my home/mansion/castle ?
awww:( that's so sad .. but funny
sad to see the boyfriend head back to Colorado this morning...now back to real life
I bet he has an associate named Robin. Test that too
uncle Steve is my hero.
To the mouse going into the lizard tank happy hungers and may the odds be ever in your favor
I want to see Phyllis Diller in spandex.
Why yes... though there is no snow in our Narnia...
Thank you for your support! RT : I had a blast! Such a great event!
Congrats!! Enjoy the write off for newbies :)
I will fight til the last drop of my blood.
Going to bed! I'm tired and horny!
but why do you like everyone to see our conversations?
#GirlsLoveWhen You treat them like they deserve. Hold them when then need it, nd love her more than anyone else could
after visiting I have the desire to leave all this excitement behind for a life with programmers. You're all very impressive!
Its funny how people change.
I need my new rims ASAP. Not having a car is killing me
At the airport. Waiting on my flight to come... just a few more hours!!
statute w/ increased penalty by discretion if it was simple possession,was not used or not attempted to be used in other crime.
do you play guitar lefty? i can't tell if its that or your videos are just backwards, hahah. x
perfect day til now
yes moscato all day!
you embarrassed????
Well, they may get older, but their taste in women doesn't age. hee hee
Then you should skip shopping. Seattleites aren<U+2019>t fashionable<U+2026>
BREAKING NEWS: Justin Bieber is getting hotter every second
I really should think twice before I do some things.
Want to gain more followers?! RT to gain more followers fast!!
Great catch Gordon. He's not afraid to put his body on the line
Trade Tebow, by all means, so long as we keep
Steve Blake did his best Kobe Bryant impression last night, shooting lights out and hitting three after three when his team needed it.
RT /lol...I forgot who u were dealing with. Um, yeah, good luck. *aborts mission* lol./lmao
Happy b-day Chris Brown Hope its a great one :D :)
There is nothing more suicidal than a rational investment policy in an irrational world. - Keynes
and while u do it imma be Pretty girl rocking! *Keri Hilson voice*
Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day?
yes! Beryl's episode was my favorite yet, and I've been watching for years. Who wouldn't adore her?!
I'm still here for the new house part
that ball was CRUSHED. Almost hit the stupid HR gizmo
Brunch is the new Sinatra at the Sands.
| Thanks for the follow Ray!
The one that I said I needed to read The Hunger Games
Can't wait for the lakers to lose!!!!!!!!!!
Just bought my senior citizen clothes for tomorrow. It's about to go down
Happy Halloween!
Ok. I'm not even gonna lie. I am drunk.
Me too
Gonna become an Ordained Minister this Month...If anyone out there might be interested???????????to Cool
is never going to notice me. ): #Never :/
I'm upset but excited bout move to Florida... I'm so jealous right now
So impressed with the water-powered alarm clocks on fab.com this morning!
Thank you to everybody who supported me & #EVAPRO in this 2011 yr. Bigger & better things to come next year!!!
thanks for following! you have to get us into your band rotation now... :)
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
People telling strangers everything about them and their love life. Also we had to be back on the bus by 420~
So what jersey should I buy for the <U+00A4> ALL-STAR WEEKEND JAM <U+00A4> ? ---->> THOUGHTS PLEASE!!
I don't care. I think this trip to 7/11 might be worth it... I'm thirsty..
these noodles have no taste whatsoever
Chico's Angels opens tonight, do you have your tickets?
I hear is teaming up with for an upcoming movie, and I'm actually pretty intrigued to see how that comes out.
David Taylor is one of the best I have ever watched
go back to the pool!!! I'm coming :)
Haha! Of course!
ready for the next door to open. it might be nothing... but it might be something wonderful!!
thank U 4 your support, as always! 1 LOVE FAM.
Evisors is new, bigger and better. New features. Better search. More evisors. Take a look! www.evisors.com
rice pudding I want to marry a sexy blonde from canada (: #BOYFRIEND<U+2665>
ok does anyone else think that the btw poster in creepy. But i still luv her anyways.
you and me both!
But you get to play with doggies that come into your store all day! :D
please follow and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney!
RT : URGENT -- President Obama says he will end the controversial "don't ask, don't tell" policy in the military.
Good morning to all!
Happy 7th Birthday #DFW! A true community jewel! Celebrate! Celebrate! Dance to the music!
Good luck on that visit to your surgeon - hopefully you'll be outta that cast soon! BTW - digging the profile pic!!!
now on the search bar type the name of songs u want to play...and click on search bar and add those songs..:)
I agree totally. I make kale chips for when I get the munchies. Delicious.
Of course there is not formula for success except, perhaps, an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings
smile; it kills people who want to see you cry.
Txting my baby i miss him so much. :-(
LMAO you are funny!
Kicking in a door and clearing a house man I love my job
Mrs. just asked if or could 'guest host' for me at home this weekend. Oopie.
Excuses are for the weak...how strong are you really!?! <U+0001F4AA> Yea!!!
True that :( I'll come visit in the summer though!
Report: #Bulls Gibson named to U.S. select team
she was stopped with a quickness...lol.
RT : #Gilt founder talking about how they documented their strategy to get everyone on the same page
El Cambio Networking Lunch at Forke Kitchen today at 11:30 let me know if you want to go with me to meet with potential clients.
good to hear. How's your son?
Wondering if planting all the seeds that collect at the bottom of everything bagel bags will yield some kind of delicious plant.
20 points and 6 dimes is, though.
I'm not mad I'm not sad I'm just pissed that you lied and believe bullshit. How you gon be real if you can't see that fake tho?
this bitch talking bout i hit my following limit ugh wtf
Foiled again! I mean... I'm sure they'll be disappointed.
Kevypoo I miss you too! See you soon? OKILoveYouBuhBye!!!!
Correction: today is the 37th anniversary of the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. Apparently I can't subtract this early in the morning!
happy halloween!
Said it from the start, Clippers/Blake are gonna be an awful playoff team
No, I still don't know where I went wrong.
haha yeah when ever you want!
I am a VERY lucky girl
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our family and friends and acquaintances!!! We hope that you have lots to be thankful for this Thanksgiving.
You To Nicky...Love You
Off to sleep, catch you all tomorrow.
Taxes suck
Foursquare is being dumb today :( it was supposed to say the I bumped into my friends Jonny & Crystal ... Silly app!!!
At the Shout House celebrating birthday
Love a Saturday filled with photoshoots! Park of Roses, some downtown action, excellent.
I need a celebrity sponsor. lol
hey, lets give credit where credit is due!
we'd never say no to some catering! Are you offering?
its changed a bit! they now have internet dating, LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bag of mixed ricks tho....
I started out using TweetDeck, but I'm trying web-based CoTweet now. So far, I'm more comfortable with CoTweet.
the movie's an experience! I hope they show them - they're totally different from the one they used & would've changed the feel!
Gosh my voice sounds so bad wen I sing "Gotta be you" the notes r so high love it anyways
crap! I guess the jigs up on that one now. I'll just have to take the 'ol nazi mind control device elsewhere:-p
NO I'm here with crotch until 7
Keep your eyes peeled Monday for a big announcement...
Age is nothing but a number damnit!!!!
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Hey all! is back!
I need a boyfriend so when my friends ditch me, I always have someone there for me.
After voting the recall, talked w/ son's phenomenal 2nd grade teacher who is getting pushed to WI retirement. Losing good people.
I'm tired of society guilting me into wanting abs. F-YOU!! If you need me I'll be doing cardio and crunches the next hour. Lol!!
Congrats all the best to you Ally and Bergen!
okay, that was hilarious.
Can you email this to Romney, so he can crucify the presi....uh...I mean...relay some facts to the people?
adventure time come on grab your friends we'll go to very distant lands :D
did it 40 days & none of my family on board , so was tough! Am a #Flexitarian now ! Works for me !
Police are still waiting for the coroner to release cause of death
just missed the cutoff to see a private screening of #Avengers. Overbooked and over subscribed.
but hey, what do you expect from a glorified community college?
Good morning and Happy Fat Tuesday!!
breakfast burrito day at my work <U+0001F44D>
when you see shots of Newt without his suit jacket on you really get a sense of how unbelievably fat he is. That is all.
You wouldn't like other people telling you who you can love. So, why do it to others?
At US #Army Women's Foundation panel Beyond Battlefield on Capitol Hill #Women #veterans face multiple obstacles to personal peace after war
the fact that my couch has a heater and massagers in it beats anything
Hi Ann - Glosses are sticky. Have you tried a little petroleum jelly? That's shiny and not sticky.
ive neglected my poor cell phone for this computer shit smh.
You guys forgot about me. >.<
Home sweet home... So tired
I'm gonna go hangout with my boyfriend now... It only took him 3 hours to get here. #jk <U+0001F609>
you just retweeted my ex-girlfriend. This world is small.
no kidding. I knew it was notable when all of the SF natives got up and started talking about it.
Recording The New Tracks June 2nd!
Up and at 'em, drinking a cup of tea and checking on my plants on the back porch and catching up on what's happening in the world...
#madonna...she's like an old timey version of #ladygaga, right? didn't she pop out of a cake like 100 years ago or something?
Deep fried pickles and mozzarella sticks sounds good right about now.
The most important person in the world that you can ever talk to is the person standing right in front of you. Ken Dunn
Tomorrow, Feb 3 is "Mispell Your First Name Day". Change the misspelling of your name on Facebook. Please retweet & share on Facebook.
Thank you! At this point I would have kept Balkman. that dude played with energy.
I felt like I was stolen from after watching some of that national title game last night. Buccos for life!
Easter road trip!
Double punch drink of the day is a gingerbread latte, yum!
I was kidding. Don't take it do literal.
it doesn't matter to me dude! Travis is gonna go with us since the Integra broke down. Emily knows its just us tonight.
get out of bed then!
tofu, coffee and thought bubbles
How's your neck and back? : (
yeah! go have a fun run.
Am I the only person who could spend a half hour amusing myself with bubble wrap?
Thanks for having me this was fun! Nice meeting you all. Goodnight :)
. looking forward to your SF show saturday. do you guys allow audience audio recording?
Looking for theorem 11.11 hoped it be the area of a unicorn....
Dengue Fever - Sober Driver - 01:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Oscar worthy RT : And the award for best actor goes to ... the punter from Wisconsin. Badgers are Big Ten champs
in da studio wit Mr. Smith and the CEO
Favorite Greinke start ever was in Texas his Cy Young year. Only seen Pedro dominate more. Grieve basically sainted Zack on their broadcast
no... Cover it live seems to be down or flooded right now...
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
That has to follow my owner she's crying on me! Yuckk.
Thank you so much guys!! #iFollowAll #teamfollowback :D
Natalie portman is sweetheart she has been classy and beautiful mike huckabee is a scumbag and trash
Cameron Diaz=Boob Job!!
hey Mike!! Did you ever end up reviewing our record? Hope all is well!!!
I tend to get wet on rides.
Thank u I live #4EvaNaDay minus being a rapper. U capture my life in that mixtape of my day to day. U saved my life.
i dont wanaa have a moment for life i wanna have hours and dayes let them pass so i cn remincee what was and still is _jadaajanaee
I know what happenes. Society forgot what being classy is.
Knicks are playing team ball and helps them be successful...who would have thought
lolol my math teacher was like I wanna ditch this.
Randomly going to see the avengers in an hour for my cousins birthday? <U+0001F381>
Lmao QT : im getting a turtle and im going to name him tebow im super excited.
Continued poor action in MS. Are you still long?
And this was just one measly little cocktail class. Imagine what Vegas will be like! :) A good time was had by all! Shake shake.
So what's Randy Quaid up to these days?
Hate hate hate when people heat up fish in the office.
You look gorgeous!
Seemed innocent enough to me! *shrugs*
Brooklyn is the new black in NYC. Check out for a great place to stay and hv a cup of while you're there.
: #ThatOneFriend you can talk about anything with.
that's well said. most parents today pamper soft wimpy kids. life is tough better be prepared.
In traffic knokn that 2chainz tape hosted by dj drama #get$music
SO EXCITED! AND in one day?!
you know went to my school right?
She is Right....They CAN be LOUD and Clear!?
If my sister doesnt go to el rodeo with me soon, i will shank that bitch
Leaving school whenever I want >>>>
RT : Yes! Plus writing is solitary endeavor. Table read lends social aspect to #rewrite process-
The vow was a terrible movie. The lucky one was so much better. Both unrealistic as hell, but that happens. The vow will never be a classic
me neither... Im almost 100% successful at midnight releases
Wonderful event tonight Now on to tomorrow!
RT : Every #smallbusiness should take time to read the news and take in a webinar or white book now and again. Learning can tak
Softball uniform and Vans.
I've got all of these ideas and concepts.. it's about time to put them into action! Definitely.
Why did you say you're welcome to Saints fans?
Good morning cold, rainy,
My sister needs help
Wow! That long? Well just for the record, my wife is the exception!!
Don't let all of this rain keep you away!! We're just a short drive down federal! Come on in. You can mix and match your medicine. :)
rather your number then mouth hugs lol
why on earth do they call it a wooly bear?!? Haha kiddin :)
I am here to attest that this is not true, sir.
Warm yourself up tonight with a grassfed beef burger!
Thanks for the shout-out! Looking forward to a virtual Zack Attack
UK 67 UK 59 for the NCAA Basketball Championship. Congrats to the SEC. #1 in Football ALA now basketball.
I'm doing he right now? Daa fuck?
Petition has been sent to NBC. Email to Executives will be posted on our site tomorrow. petition will remain up- Keep Signing! Please RT
did you get one?
Twitter and Facebook will never go out of stock. Everytime you turn around someone will always be online.
You are not ugly.. you are sexy
Good night, Brenda! Hope you find out the actor in the porn you nieghbor is watching!
do you get many get many opportunities 4 actors w/ disabilities
Weird - rain in San Jose in Sept. Just freaky weather or early el ni<U+00F1>o? Either way, need new windshield wipers!
catch some nice fish down there
I'd like to introduce the newest member of the family. He will be wearing our gear this season in the CFL!!!
Best burger I've had in a while.
I LOVE MARTHA STEWART!
Me too! I keep thinking, "We don't go down! Ever!"
: Nearly miraculous change in pressure, temp, rh, and bingo, dog perks up, and the park fills w/ happy puppies.
Some interesting companies pitching at Texas Venture Labs. Agile Law, physician angel, etc...
That puppy pic was adorable!!!! I never seen anything so cute before <3333
If anyone owns a Chemex coffeemaker, can you recommend a size to get? 3, 6, or 8 cup?
Lmfao you got a point..I been a fan since KD got there, but it is way to many bandwagons out there
hi my name is mitt Romney I am a habitual flip flipper which in turn makes me a big fat liar! I may or may not get help for this!
good song...great group!!
Hi Karina, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
just saw 1st episode-FAB...course you REALLY need a MIKEL PATRIK orig in your house or studio once you move our of garage!
#psandersandjacobwhitesides I love them both & they're amazing singers!<3 hehe(:
thx for the shout out!! We <3 and its team too!!
such an awesome gun.
Enjoying the bill Cunningham doc on Netflix, thanks to mentioning it at lunch!
Enjoy THANKSGIVING!!!
Thanks! It was great, just sad they lost :-(
I want to wish you a very happy Mother's Day. You are an amazing mom.God Bless. XOXO
I meant sluts Damn auto correct!!
haven't tweeted in a while oh while i can't get rid of school
Of course, in his intro, said he was dancing since he was a kid. Why can't DWTS only pick celebs that don't know how to dance?
a whole lot but these are my main profiles
Twitter is now up to 200 Million Tweets per day! Wow...That's a lot of tweeting!
Im leaving at 0900 on Monday.
dude, work on your photo composition. I can't see your cigar or scotch glass!
Daily GTKY question: What Era do you think is the best? Why?
<U+201C>: thanks for the cool swag. Can't wait to put it to use<U+201D> So awesome, right??
I don't think anyone expects that. But it's OK to be frustrated with not getting closer than the Sweet 16.
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone.
compelling #deadipad use cases!
how are u
Thanks for the quote and for RT'ing the piece.
Don't be ashamed or afraid to take as long as you need; it takes as long as it takes. You are in my prayers.
i know it sucks!
S/o my nig down in #ATL holding it down for #Memphis #Work that's what we do
Imma take Martin to the Puppy Park!
It's been less than 4 minutes and I'm already bored with Jax!! God help me!
Catching #EddieVedder 's show tonight? Stop in for dinner/Power Hour & let our Prime steaks satisfy before his Ukulele Songs whisk you away!
can't go back to the old me
me to :) that would be great haha
Holy shit though really I'm so funny it hurts.
Herbert () LANL new IIPC member is going to talk
haha. I do the same thing.
Jonald spread over the longest piece of bread
No one can go back and make a brand new start. Anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Sometimes my mother makes me so mad.
hit me up if you want to come. people are gonna be rigid
that's not word on the street..
Ahh how I missed the disgusting musk of the plex #he'sback
<U+201C>: End of 3rd: Heat 90, #Pacers 58<U+201D> way to keep it close Pacers
Ready for some Camping!
how are you beautiful?(:
the hannah montana movie is on yussssssssssssssssssss
Take a walk or a run, it's good for the heart & the buns ;)
love everybody, make up your mind, wake up and FIGHT.
Hmm, who would have thunk that #Canada was still a UK commonwealth? I did, of course... but did you?!
Any of my tweeps ever write a book and have it published?
I want to crash RT 12 days until #NYC and seeing with for the blog...Not to mention
My whole life man is really music, through my bass line I'm living through it.
" Remember the Alamo ! " was a rallying cry once upon a time, but Who remembers 'Nam ? The Draft ? A condemned boomer generation ? Muhammad
Morn'in IRIS!!!!
MLB has nothing to do with the award. It is the Baseball writers. Let the appeal process finish then call him whatever you want.
ROFL, If you want to be the one to say that on the tape, Be my guest.
?Less sightings or less evidence in Canada? Can't be the colder temps.
Happy Fourth everyone! Be safe!
German chocolate, english tea, french music, local beer hangover - let's write this paper already.
Justin is our flawless idol. ----> can I get an amen(;
#cliohc. If you are with Zimmer or Smith Nepgew Sandy Gordon wants to meet u
There is nothing like focused action to make me feel better about my life. That and having a clean house. (Yay for cleaning guy day!)
I was there for Martha Rosler. She is a great antagonist.
should have been first degree murder.
bahaha I dont think a stripper is needed for a tv show marathon.
what's sup cuz don't be mad dude its not worth it screw tha T kid
congrats watching it now u r such a tallented singer and actress I love watching glee big fan!
Real Talk, I Freak The Fuck Out When My Lips Are Dry
Think Tank Meeting @ MP 5pm - Topics: Science & Sustainability, Improving the Education System, & Social Events ()
Do you want both of your performances on video?
half-together
The two most important things in my life are _________ and __________.
Most people don't vote, so incumbent rate means little to me.
Spent the day in the ER with Oliver. He's a tough bunny- tangled with some carpet tacks. We just can't catch a break!
And here we go!
As soon as #Redsox came home 2 Fenway they started winning again. But they have to play away games sooner or later, don't they?
RT : To produce extraordinary #results, develop the habit of doing what you don't want to do.
Listening to wop reminds me of SB with
you watching the game at your sisters?
THANKS for posting my indie find!
KISS HIM ALREADY!
I try to avoid words that already exist, but I would call people with this Deaddiction Deadliners.
I was so excited for Adele. Now kinda sad for her.
RT : "I see you're admiring my cargo shorts." Said, nobody ever.
Great Show !
Worn ragged today by grandson's birthday (12th), grandkid mob over for burgers, cake, ice cream, etc. (ages 3, 10, 10, 12, 15)
Had a great time marching in the Eleventh Congressional District Parade. Thanks to everyone for their interest and warm welcome.
It'll be interesting to see who they draft. RT ***** idea! RT Wow, Alshon Jeffrey...Would look great in a Pats uniform!
is one of the best guards I ever coached!!!
I know how that is. Every time I see Drake I wonder where his wheelchair is.
Lifes to short.. Take the good with the bad happy with the sad leave the past where it is and live life to the fullest
Happy Friday, hope that you have an excellent weekend everyone!
The best thing about pomegranates? A low-calorie, fat-free treat that takes HOURS to eat!
#DASER Why do bowerbirds hate red so much? Borgia -- They like blue, and when you put red with blue, it messes up the signal.
The UN is considering showing its impotent self to the world once again by asking Assad to quit. My solution: INVADE FUCKING SYRIA!!!
Okay.But rumpusing isn't napping and we may get in trouble!
who ya'll think who gone get @ who in that Mayweather vs Miguel fight
RT : : is that a good mamma mia or a bad one? (GOOD)
please follow me!!)
I'm dangrous with #wordswith friends
CS101 cramming time
Congrats, you did all the hard work!
Feeling a bit limited by Chromebook. Types/quality of apps is nowhere near iPad. Sound quality is poor.
<U+201C>: #30thingsaboutme I hate people.<U+201D> so do I
Of course I support you guys. I support every #LegalBelieber in general :) We're a family.
Lesson of the day: as much as it sucks to stay at work late; volunteering to see the after hours pt with an eye injury is always interesting
You can't see my hustle, because you're too busy trying to knock my hustle! Don't worry, you can keep trying and keep failing again & again!
Yea, Suikoden V starts off slow. Really story heavy. It'll open up soon but expect hours of absorbing the story.
<U+201C>: s/o out here making major moves! #salute<U+201D>
coffee says: go, Trisha, go!
Much appreciated. 4 more in the series. <U+201C>: Meeting the people behind the food. Nice twist.<U+201D>
<U+201C>I'm very excited to join the Washington Capitals organization<U+201D> - Tomas Vokoun, July 2, 2011
Hey Asher! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Bring the noise: What Social Media monitoring apps work best for you?
Excited for rocky's with !
what? Are you discouraging the expansion of public transit? How???
love all your songs. Just love you
opens at 10:30! (only 30 mins, but every minute counts when you need foods...)
Ladies night at 's pad with , and Ingrid who doesn't tweet :)
I dont understand hormones! they make you crazy! :/
<U+201C>: RT : Chad Henne has more rushing yards & rushing touchdowns than Chris Johnson..."
I just finished a 4.66 mi run with a pace of 7'39"/mi and a time of 35:45 with Nike+ GPS.
1 more follower until 200 who will it be? Lol!
ooohh I'm intrigued!
You too, Robin! Hope to see you here soon! <U+263A>
what r ya doin?
school tomorrow.......... blah D: kill me now i didn't do my homework and don't plan on it
this started with me requesting that i die by being stabbed to death by good music.
the main character you know it is a remake there is no more originality left in tv these days he played Steve McGarett
I got you back...your going down Granny!!!lol
Miss you too man. Feels like it's been forever.
Williams Island is elegant and serene, featuring many amenities, including 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa.
kmsl. I just said the same thing.
BULLS showing some fight! FINALLY!!! Way to go Taj!
Thx for your RT's last week! We reached our goal & donated $1K to the Hoglund fam. Getting their little boy soon!
you need to bring that baby +pet combo over to this office! we love babies! will be here for another 11 hours.
When You Love Someone Guide Them In The Right Path #DontLoveWhenItsConvient Love is a strong word be committed to it.
S/O to all the nigga buying oz of weed and swear he swanning!!
You embarrassed yourself interviewing Rand Paul. Moron.
Likewise. Let's absolutely link up.
where u goin??
HANG ON
thank you
I hear ya, that was how it was with my mom, God took her home, 10 years ago September 20th, miss that laugh, enjoy it!
PVLA trains new legal services coordinators this week and opens for intake Jan. 9
can I get some follows?
China shows off its own Panchen Lama on trip outside mainland
hey cousin wat u been up to how's ur week goin
Youre welcome bud follow back ?RT : Thanks for the follow :)))
my daughter is bugging me for another rescue dog... she'll be calling you guys soon!
First person to message us will win a free autographed cd!
Well, if the movie creeps you out...gjve the book a shot. ;)
Gunna start college next month woo hop <3
I'm officially the go-to guy in my office for mat vs. matte.
Legislative aides are the Sherpas, they guide you through lobbying process.
Crazy weekend with turn of events on Big Brother..Go Jordan!! Nominations Mon.,POV Tues or Wed...its a rumored..tonight see all drama..
that's good but I'm good considering the fact that I probably failed my biology test today
Glad I could help Greg!
Your boy Suppan is pitching tomorrow against the crew. Braun could hit 6 home runs!
Can Joe Mather do it again?!?!
At for this event
ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY at Adventure Theatre (starring Parker Drown and Sandy Bainum) is now Helen Hayes R<U+2026>
my to-do list for today was 9 items and all have been completed. drink.
WHY do you always come back
RT : great singing with you today!! // thanks for putting up with me :)
uh you need to back the fuck up off our shit
Someone just also told us a story of catching their sig other cheating, caught via Foursquare check ins. Who is that dumb?
basically lol. Doesn't sound too pleasing if u ask me
And I'm saving all my love... Yes I'm saving all my love... Yes I'm saving all my love.... For U
Stewart: New administration could reverse Wire Act reinterpretation: very unlikely but it could happen.
Grateful for loyal clients, guitar, piano, voice, bass, and trumpet lessons and recording studio musicians. www.hansonmusicstudios.com
I don't get all the Tee hate. To me, this means we are closer to bringing him home in a few years.
All you gotta do is put a drink in my hand
Ecosandbag.The best and easiest sandbag available.Green Product. 100% biodegradable. No sand required. Deploys in minutes.
Would love to join... Where is this taking place?
Criticism is going semi-pro -- Mark Pinsky
Is there a difference between age restriction on cigarettes & alcohol and what SFO & NYC are doing w/ Happy Meals?
How long will it take to buy a #MegaMillions tickets? I'm heading out now - I'll report back.
<U+201C> Air Bud > Lakers<U+201D>
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer16
WEN U AIN'T MAKING MONEY, U SPENDING IT! #life'
Happy Easter to my Family, Friends & Followers.
yup yup!
Hang in there boss.. Glue those locks of hair back
definitely hitting them up. any other places you like?
<U+201C>: I'm gonna stay single until I get EXACTLY what I deserve.<U+201D> damn right! Was my stance too. Funk that
I got to see you today (:
mine is next Monday, 8am. I am not the inviter, just the presenter.
Critics always find a reason to hate the heat...
Your vagina is raided E for everyone! Funniest thing I've heard today.
At the Dentist <U+0001F612>
You rock too!
So the world is going to end tomorrow. Please sign over all your personal belongings, cash, etc. to me by 12:00 midnight for safe keeping.
Blue and Silver game today. The last high school football game I will EVER cheer at <3 :'( I will give it my BEST.
Match Sum Dawg....
haha, were they doing that bad that you changed the channel ?
Oh Michael, you just made my day perfect.
I want chocolate cake now
Keep fighting!
no problem! I'm glad I went. I look forward to presentations!
Haha Come On Now!!!
Rain coming down like someone turning on a faucet in central Denver.
I GOTTA HAVE MY CAKE AND EAT IT 2! OH! U AINT KNOW? DATS WHY I GRIND DA WAY I DO!
and a patient understanding boyfriend
None other ! :p
I luv American Eagle
Playing frisbee one last time with quality people is much > studying
Thoughts and prayers go to George Karl(Penn Hills Alumni) & his family.As he begins to battle throat cancer.I wish him a healthy recovery.
how do they come up with these arguments?
Got a flight out on Tuesday! Woot!
lmao Im a learn how to use it soon or later
thanks for the title, enjoy the cards!
Disruptive Diner is a cross-disciplinary innovation salon. Tonite was about
i am awakee(: not at your house but awake lol :P
well considering that topic is my least favorite, it took me awhile and I couldn't even finish it. Only got half credit.
Moving forward requires three things: preparation, dedication, and revelation. To succeed, you must depend upon God for direction daily.
Twitter can be dangerous in some Bengals' fans hands.
Ha, all too true! RT : Law of living: As soon as you're doing what you wanted to be doing, you want to be doing something else.
RT : #Trayvon attorney Ben Crump: 'It is about justice justice and only justice,' credits Change petition
Royale has the O Brother soundtrack on shuffle with a bunch of other stuff. Just waiting for Ralph Stanley's "O Death." Can wait all day.
Christ, Duncan.
Oh, I like that! I have some deadlines looming as well...
1) a choral experience of some sort 2) exposure to classical music. God knows, they hear all other types everything they go!!!!
#RandomThoughts im broke.
Time to wake ya ass up and get this money
#cantstopwontstop #survivor with my hero #jeffprobst who ya got?
What an incredible homecoming service for Whitney Houston today. Kevin Costner is a real class act.
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "Your too quiet." haha no! you just gotta get to know me
email me at and I'll connect you to some leading anti-bullying activists
Also, we won't have food at tonight's meetup, so plan accordingly. We will be grabbing drinks afterward, of course!
Gotta get me some of those Bose-cancelling noise headphones.
Thanks for the RT and the kind comment! I appreciate it.
I don't do "follow4follow" on my personal account. So, no.
shit is annoying,
Thank you for the #ff! Right back at you!
cross-institutional partnerships will help bring low resource institutions on board w/ dh
Good one!
Fuck shoutouts, guess who follows me? I could DM him for you <U+E056>
"It's wise and necessary to know your gifts but lazy and na<U+00EF>ve to ignore your weaknesses." (Tom Davidson)
THanks for following. Hope all is well with you.
I need to make a bucket list.
Thanks! Is indeed raphael.js. Also a bit of lesscss and jquery. The tools made it a very pleasant one-pager.
If you haven't already, please help us welcome to Twitter with a follow!
hahaha. Nice. Yes we had to decide on a new one last year. Forget what we got
It's good to see you online Free, I was wondering when a Pimp was gon' show up.
Thanks for the RT, see you tomorrow!
Ladies you are not ready for the surprises that we are about to bring you!!! Anyone want to guess what these surprises are??
that's what I get!!! your talking about the one in north side Denver right!?
You aint gotta , you aint gotta , you aint gotta you aint gotta ...
happens all the time!
The terrific Vikki N. Spruill to be the new President and CEO of the Council on Foundations. ( )
shainabarbiecakermain tell me what it do tho
RT : Go follow . They're on their twitter game 24/7 and lookin for 2000 followers.
Ok fourth floor fooln at purgatory. bday bash... .
I mean u should put the guy on Base, u Dont let him Hurt you
Thanks for the play-by-play!
#SignsYouLostAFight people are quoting lines from the movie "Friday" to you.
#IGetJealousOf people who flirt with my crush.
oh boy. What happened???
Why can't we all just be friends?
Hey its #FF #Followfriday have a wonderful #Halloween everyone!
Transport needed Springfield MO to StL or Columbia MO Sunday. 2 dogs from NM to Chicago - 1 leg fell thru. Were on PTS list going to foster.
American here from the NE, live now in Bahia mostly, but right now in Montana, family stuff - Where in NL? Where from in the NW?
Happy trails to two cleanup hitters (and Fordham Rams) Miss ya both.
"Blood of Angels" is now available on Nook and Kindle.
Does The Mitt have a "Mitt" for Mitt to eat?
I love Megan duquette
Education is an ornament in prosperity & a refuge in adversity. -Aristotle
these are beautiful!
Omg punch me I wanna meet Adam Levine
And it's not only in the current election, it's the same with dems and republicans. How about we try to focus on the stuff we do agree in?
Attended Meagan's visitation today. What a beautiful testament to see so many people standing in line offering love.
Well i guess i can sayy todayy was good .! : )
I would like to note that my last tweet was not sexual!
lol! That's cool.
What grade are you in??/
k, when can we get someone out here?
go with the nap each time you get a chance!
Great! Enjoy the read. Blessings ^staff
crazy shit happens to me every day
love that song.
John is very dark today
Well..I guess this is pretty much going to end badly... What to do about nothing.. Everythings gonna change!
Haha teacher's kids are here too!
maybe they will actually let me be a contestant!
tonight seem like i shoulda went out. but i didn't
Yes 100% Buy Low on Gallardo. The Brewers have much better bats than the Braves = more wins.
Japanese Tea Ceremony brews Saturday in Madison
Hopefully all my print subscriptions will be available on iPad by the time my paper subscriptions run out.
Muscle is hurting...but hope i can shoot another 3 points at our basketball paractice...eeeeppp
Coffee was 1st mentioned in literature by Rhazes, an Arabian physician.
Even with Dirk's German roots, you don't think he could latch on to some German companies looking to make an impact here? VW?
I think its funny that girls are fixing there makeup right before gym class
Picked some great prints at Handmade Arcade today.
Why did I just wake up to a harshly dry throat?
plzz follow me
Based on text messages alone, most people would probably assume my mom is a 14-year-old Hungarian immigrant.
Paula is getting your Thursday going today at her Yoga Flow class at 12pm on Miami Beach!
Tune in some for some lady rockers on "Heartbreakers: The Women of Rock"
My boyfriend & I will be in NYC for the first time in Nov. If you suggested one nice dinner where would you suggest? Thanks :)
I need to see Demi when she comes to San Jose. She has helped me so much. I just need to.
How can you help me with my promotions? I need someone who can help.
If only I could be Selena Gomez for one day and have her life,and all of her beauty:))))
...most of the aforementioned baked goods available in gluten free versions...hello folks the kids have roses in their cheeks ..NUTRITION
single pointed focus
These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I could say My chick on the side said she got one on the way,.
Let's go drake university.
bring me food
My life exists inside inDesign, Photoshop, OpenOffice, and late night meetings.
I'll never understand y we idolize others. 9 x's outa 10 theyre way more fuckd up than you are. No human is perfect oh and Happy Easter! Ha!
I def are a whole pizza today
having a moment of silence for all those neglected silly bands that's no one gives a shit about anymore
Woke up from my nap..
HeLLo RT : RT : OLD RULE: Never get your honey the same place you get your bread. It always ends up as a sticky ...
They'll just alternate between that and Jamison 3s...
Shout out to our brothers at One Love and Ryan Cassata for awesome sets at the donkey last night!
That estimate's good enough. I'm training a bunch of student activists and we're using your tumblr as an example of coolness.
SET IT OFF!!!!!! THANKS FOR THE ENERGY, LETS KEEP KILLING SWAG...
haha- you are too funny!! How's Cody doing?
Ok, which one of you is WHEC's undercover cyberbullying account?
Happy Mother's Day to all women who are Mom's, Step-Mom's, have Mom's, want to be a Mom, love Mom's, need a Mom, miss your Mom, and...
oh and miss you too.
thanks for the follow bro!
oh wow these are all like separate hour or half an hour vids lol
is loving the arts fest music lineup for 2010. way to go
Sorry, I meant if I tweet to someone.
Thank you & happy #WW!
I literally cannot wait until my best friend gets here! Probably going to scream, cry, and pee myself all at the same time..
I saw it before 3D it's my favorite movie!(:
Appreciate this contact, I'm sure it will help! Thanks=)
AWESOME U GOT A TWIITTTEE3RRR!!!!! dont worry u didnt get me in trouble!!:) haha
What kind of activities? I don't know if I want it to keep track of ALL of them lol
Skill Share Fair was such a success! And goodbye bonding with SLAers and friends was awesome!
Heading off to Most Admired Companies, CEOs & Brands event. Fingers crossed for Eastern Bank.
84% of Public History programs have no coursework online.
#yobitv For the record, the doughnuts were good. *burp*
Nice of you to thank Canzano but he'll turn his back on you the minute he needs a story. Not a good man to trust!
Quick answer: no. :-) But of course some books are better reads than others. No one says you have to read them all...
Cheesie's Pub & Grub is supporting anti-bullying play The Rock & The Ripe on Sunday, May 6. Enjoy grilled cheese and $4 drinks!
70% of college students don't know the over the limit fees
I'll b tweeting @ the Oscar fashions on the red carpet & the ceremony..Who will be the most daring? Best dressed? Who r u rooting 4?
cool, I might be looking to make a few more small buys, let me pay out what I already booked, and I will let you know before-
At the corner. Got that and that <U+0001F4B0><U+0001F4B0><U+0001F4B0><U+0001F4B0>
#NP The Cars - "Drive". One of the dopest records of the 80's. Weird video, but still epic record.
Up and out to the gym. Then shopping with the princess. I know she will say she wants to go to the hello kitty store. Lol tots
Stafford put his hands inside out to make that pass and still put it right on the tape.
been so steadfast N My altering of diet, amazingly been like 3 weeks since Iv thought about a root beer float. It's so hard.
14 more days till the new XIV begins.... It's gonna be epic!
TWO SLEEPS!
Two #POTD today. Yesterday's was "Thor," not brilliant but funny, entertaining, and cementing the high regard I have for Tom Hiddleston.
hopefully I'm not THAT bad ;-)
That is a dope Logo!
doesnt everyone hate twitter fakes?
I came to party hands up girl give me that body
we do and we love it! Good daycare and pool.
#TeamKhleo who has gotten there Slick Living apparel shirts!?
MetLife Foundation 2011 - "25 million seniors (+55) in US want to start a business!"
Getting pedi with the boyfriend. He is more of a diva than me.
Happy Food Day!!!
lol didnt know that was going to happen. (:
CONGRATULATIONS to HSD AGENCY for being our APRIL winner for the free logo design. Register your company, you can have a chance to win too.
Any startups out there that make the process of keeping up with car maintenance history/records easier?
I listen to<U+E03E>
In March, Kevin Love became the first player in NBA history to lead the league in scoring, rebounding and made 3s
you guys, loving 's book!
Look, when I call out someone I try not to generalize everyone. I'm not trying to get on your bad side in this case.
Thanks so much :) As are you guys! I aspire to inspire like you!
Amen! and clear purpose! MT I'm a firm believer that meetings should have a scheduled beginning and end.
You know what sounds good right now? Root Beer.
#TheGhostofHarrenhal haunts those that do not fear the return of the Khalessi and her dragons.
yes...! lol ; ohh its somebody you dont wanna leave!?
'Being Elmo' is an great doc! The part I cried the most was when the kids from make a wish foundation dying wish was 2 meet Elmo.
I smell a Miami championship!!!
okay, yea me either...whats yours on?
thanks for the updates in watching it now
Cycling: BUMPS takes on Wachusett Mountain Hillclimb
im just glad that i can talk about Austin ALL that i want on Twitter...and if i drive you guys nuts....then we have a problem... =/
"We decided to run" is like "We're pregnant". That's a high degree of bullshit.
sorry its so hard to keep up with all of them
This girl won't shut up!!!
"Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success." Paul J. Meyer
Finally got a new phone after 3 and a half years
working. y soso
"Teenage dreams, so hard to beat"- lyrics from "Teenage Kicks" by the Undertones: BBC Radio 1 John Peel's epitaph.
Getting wasted & passing out half naked around your friends
Cool. Will have to try the voice recognition bit.
#skittlevodka What will they think of next?
hey how you been
It would be easier to vote if the candidates would say what they really believed and not just what they think we want to hear
I always laugh at the people getting huge refunds, cuz the joke's on them. Hard to change their mind tho.
Lost the top to my cocoa butter stuff in the midst of my bed covers. Darn.
Going into Q&A now at
Feeling weak today? Good! Because God's strength is made perfect in your weakness! He alone has the ability to make the weak strong!
what are you listening to?
I've got a doctorate in it.
that ball boy's got skills
I'm going to 42 street with my best friend that I known since second grade and my little sister to Dave & Busters <3
RT : Q2) What benefits does performance support provide that formal programs often fail to deliver?
Just talked , gonna meet tomorrow and do an interview for scoopfire.com
thanks baby
Well good series Denver... It was a good fight! Let's see what OKC can do!
#1DtourUSA Liam will you do a shoutout to my sister jackie? she loves you :) -Bailey <3 June 2nd section 203 row D seat 25
In 2013 from St. Martin's Press - "An Adventure Shared By Desperate Men" Orson Welles, John Huston and "The Other Side of the Wind"
Leadership - When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out.
Raider game was good fun! Now time for another long week
Yikes! $800k in debt already? Good luck getting any kind of return, sharks! She should have done 1 location at a time.
Have a fun & safe trip to Alabama! :)
Dip tick.
spurs playoff game tomorrow.
Well.. cold turkey starts tomorrow morning. I'm worried, scared nervous excited.. etc.. LOL.. typical me
hope everything is good....
Thinking about Marc's Big Boy. No idea why. But I'm suddenly hungry as hell.
It's a Color Purple kind of day at
off to the gym to get my run on.
RT : Milwaukee's Jaill to release new album, "Traps" on 6/12 via
We will be open Sat. 10-6! Double punches for bulk & drink cards. Free candy dish when you buy a lb of any bulk candy
thats what you think <U+0001F61C><U+0001F61C><U+0001F61C>
"I must use this coffee high for good." Okay, Peter Parker, bitten by a radioactive Starbucks twin-tailed siren.
Are you a Carnevor?
I'm so tired & I really wanna go back to sleep.
So if a coach takes over a great team and keeps it great for a long time, he is not as successful as the coach who built it 1st?
RT this if you LOVED watching the Pacers kick the Heat's ass!
M yeah today was fun. Baseball, Big Hat Days, hookah, ps3, church, chipotle & now a little BBQ. Want a cinnamon bun right now tho
the new site looks great! Can't wait to use it to find some new #RVA spots
Good point. Real estate has changed! RT Weird-90% of the tools I use for my business...I didn't even know about 3 years ago
"I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you..."
so sad about Orange loss but I think I will root for Badgers now.
why is there no newss story every time a level 3 sex offender moves in to my N Mpls neighborhood?
GM Pres adding #Mpglutamine to my #bizzydiet stack when is best time to take??
Can the soul ever kill porn?
PETITIONS PETITIONS PETITIONS!
if that happens, you get the biggest gold star ever.
yeah, the limited edition ones. What size you need??
RT : Everyone in the industry is trying to put out good stuff. Nobody makes a comic book bad on purpose. Unless they're evil.
My favorite Indian proverb is: "Finders keepers, losers weepers."
Check out an #OpenHouse when looking for great new colors for your home.
make sure you give credit with credit is deserved.that's thank ya very much. #whatayagonnado after every tweet (:
backbone.js :D
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Inception: think I understood it therefore, didn't. Made me realize I hate dream'n cuz you can never control things the way U want to lol.
<U+201C>: Nights that you end up being alone and bored <<<<U+201D>
There is no team I'd rather see lose IN Indy than the Patriots. Until then, THERE WILL BE BLOOD.
I got a hair cut love it <U+2665>
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/30/12 at 2:22 PM
funny guys are so sexy
eeww oh god
Happy Opening Day! Such a great day of baseball!
Thanks for shopping! Hope the new seat is treating you well!
#TROGwar The War on Stupid, pick a side: Troglodytes protecting status quo, imposing religious Beliefs OR Fact & Science-based Greater Good.
seems like the were just babies.
Ah, $2 Bombs all night long at Big Bar.
and a Happy New Year to you!
I don't know this guy, but his song wins! Haha. That's my ringtone.
What kind of soup should I make with my leftovers? I usually do turkey pozole...but maybe turkey noodle? Or turkey chili? Any recipes?
I watched the Superbowl yesterday. I was terribly disappointed. Someone should've told me it was a football game.
Free tix to hear the #1 Bus Coach in the world (Literally!) Register at www.businessisboomingtour.com with ticket code KK001
": #Aries are good teachers and very demonstrative. They will show you exactly how to pop and grind."
Quality over quantity ALWAYS unless you have a lot of injuries or are desperate!
Good luck RT : In 3 weeks, I'll be starting work 's office in DC!! Couldn't be more excited.
I'm in. First base
I'm boring, I know I am. -__-
Bistro Bar 333 was OpenTable.com's Dinner's Choice wniner of 2010! Get $40 worth of food and drink for just $20 on www.crowdclick.com!
Change of plans. At #Portillos :)
When you don't have an iphone and all you see is f'n "squares" all over twitter :O
Wow! Did anyone hit the floor?
Signs don't elect politicians, results do!
Sprained knee for Otule #mubb hope it's a quick recovery
There aren't reserved parking places on the blacktop, so stop vandalizing all the cars that are "in your spot"
True..I like his whole take care cd though
Who is that fuckin idiot on Sports Nation saying the Spurs will "get docked" by the Thunder like the Lakers? Fuckin asshole idiot.
you forgot the pink one.
RT : It's unofficially PUPPET WEEK here at Creative Alliance.
um why ?
I went to Charles Village Pub yesterday. I think everyone there had sex later that night.
Good question. Answer depends entirely on each company. We'd like to think that's the only kind of people we hire.
Sunday morning burst of inspiration: can we have an explorers book club?
HEY. GUESS WHAT? I LUFF YEW.
There are people still complaining about Obama's Nobel Prize, and they expect to be taken seriously. This bothers me. #askmewhy!
Can't wait for summer to go to the lake <U+2600><U+0001F3CA><U+0001F60C>
lol. what a stupid funny video. I liked it when he fell.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Hope you have a wonderful day with your family.
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I , we , love you so much"!
Every night I tell myself that I'll be going to bed super early! But I always go to sleep at this time .. Ugh & tomorrow is only Tuesday <U+0001F614>
"neutered Kesler" love it!
hahah thank you!! how r u?
If one championship is good enough for Favre, it's good enough for me. #
TRAK is seeking a #Records Management Manager for a prestigious #law firm in #DC. Please contact me for details!
When time stood still...
There's a place about an hour from me that makes almost Texas-like BBQ. Might be worth the trip today!
im just playin girlfriend!!
Marty: I filled the tank, Laura went to take pictures at a Shipley's donuts. The wait for gas is shorter than donuts. M, donuts ...
New followers, wussssssup?!!!!
Been doing my squats getting good results<U+0001F609><U+0001F604> aha
A busy week ahead. Thanks for all my new followers who will give me the inspiration I need to reach my goals.
Really guy a long sleeve T? Ya know its Fla in May right?
At the car and bike show.......its crazy out here!
I wonder how many UB kids take the Hopkins shuttle
I second that, but the benefits are worth it, ok... Maybe...ok... Sometimes.... Nevermind
Our latest #US Call Center Statistics: We answer 99% of all calls to 877 459 0777 LIVE! When you're an MRC customer your call is important!
Today's Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame luncheon was a success. So many journalism legends in one room, I'm left humbled & enamored.
I am the author of my life. Unfortunately I'm writing in pen and I can't erase my mistakes...
So very dissappointing! I'm losing my steam, enthusiam and optimism. Power is apparently a bipartisan intoxicant.
working with the FANSHOES crew at the office!
Mane dang lol still with them
RT <U+201C>: Nicolas Batum says on a scale from 1 to 10, the pain in his knee is a 5. Says he just twisted it.<U+201D>
If you don't change what you're doing today, your tomorrow will be no different than yesterday.
Just went and bought ice cream with my dad
Chicago is DEFINETLY having a signing. :)
Even though we hate each other Happy Birthday
Forget that... I'm not giving anyone the pleasure of my death via shower. I can't see shit.
stephuu are you working today?
tell me
I can't live up to my twitter handle now :-(
True or false. Next season tech has a wr gain a 1000 yards.
only where booze is concerned!
Why my lil cousin called a sewage a dookie ditch
I would quit the app and re-start it
Forgot it was hump day!
Totally agreed. I can't believe they thought that was a good idea. I wish more states had helmet laws.
is atlanta close to any deals?
is driving through night to get back to the bay for more auditions after seeing her boy place 3rd overall and WIN 1st in his class.
Yeah! Happy Birthday baby Sloan!
Stop the press!! There's a Panera bread in Manhattan??!! Yes!
Duh got called into work early. Well I'll be late because Matty has to get some Dunkin.
<U+201C>: With his last assist Tony Parker passed Avery Johnson to become the Spurs' all-time leader in assists with 4,475. #GoSpursGo<U+201D>
I'm almost tempted to create 36 other twitter accounts to follow :x
We beat El Dorado 41-0. That means we're in the playoffs! YEAH BABY!!! :)
I just want to be there for you
yay! We are staying in the gaslamp :)
THANKS for bringing your brilliant and delicious juice combo!!! So loved it and here's wishing you a great week!
In Vegas tonight? Then make your way over to Tabu Ultra Lounge inside the MGM Grand!
trainview off by 15 minutes? reliable!
. I know! I'm relishing the silence & whopping it up, by turns. Next: envision my "best neighbor" scenario.
Where's the love world?
oh....ok, shouldnt u have been studying math?
you type that with tongue in cheek...
Charlie's Angels is on! That was my favorite movie EVER.
We pay taxes 4 govt programs we don't support. Don't let employers pick & choose which services 2 provide in health plans.
Find out what time they'll be back in Charlotte. I'll meet y'all there!!!
holy cow. its 6pm already. Hot dang.
im gettin' ready to go to one special place lol :D <33
Was gonna say something, but I've never seen you so happy.
Everyone be sure to tell mom thanks for vetoing that facial that one time long ago.
Clouds in the sky crabs on the table cold drink in the hand it's a great day!
Ah this crazy world! YING YANG TWINS HAVE A FIST PUMP SONG LOL
Yeah, it hasn't been too slammed (hence being able to tweet).. I think it's hunger-enduced crankiness!
What race/class doe
Here Comes The BS.
where u been hiding ? LOL
Follow back
I'm glad, too! More than glad.
Friddaaayyy hurry up. I wanna be in Texas. :))
that's LOVE
I automatically follow back where you at #teamfollowback #teamautofollow ???? Hit that follow button and get a follower!
Good point!
": Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I."
:) you made me smile lol
lies! it would be beautiful!....maybe?
Saturday is going to get out of control #TheWedding and both in Atlanta should be interesting
haha , dude, lunch soon, i will be tryna spit some song, oh and i have to go to library so i can pick up english papers.
I Got Up Feelin Like Its Gonna Be Alright. We Dont Know Where Were Goin And I Dont Know Where Im At. Im Kinda Thinkin I Dont Like NobodyElse
Do you let your kids get in your car with dirty shoes or make them remove them first?
damn right lol.
RT : Want FREE cover tonight? Let me know by 9pm and ill list U! :)
how many cups of coffee does it take to keep me awake today?? endless supply.. so damn tired ugh!
I believe that even asking that question is racist.
Text " HDXL Lacuna Coil " to 31452 to vote for "Trip the Darkness" Come on coilers! There's no limit to voting!!
Gates is probably guilty of even doing illegal things related to anti-trust laws. I think he's become somewhat reformed, though.
is patient with us.
haha I already knew that because I just googled him haha he's older then me! By a like 3 months lol
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Sometimes picking the favorite is the right thing to do.
Football all weekend! Who you rooting for? All the action here!
Today was the last day of school, aww, i'm gonna miss my bestieee..!
I thought the same. Perhaps the extra track for UK?
First full day of summer and so far so good. Now, if was only here to enjoy it with me.
As of this afternoon, we've officially joined !
that's super cute! But you might get hot if your hair is laying on your neck. I really like it though!
Going to the gym with my brother and then going to the Beverly Center to go eat chipotle! :D
Just got called a "scholar and a gentleman" by the business school deal for holding the door open
why no one calls me?
oh snap chicken parm? I just might have to finagle my way into the DeSalvatore resort tonight for that one! :)
When good Drake songs come on in the car and im hip hoppin' <3 (; would be proud.
If happy ever afters did exist , I would still be holding you like this.
Another coworker of mine is a woman...she defended Rush and his diatribe about the sentiment he held, not the words, about S. Fluke.
You grew up good. You grew up slow. Like American honey <3
I remember when just hit 3,000,000 followers it's doubled+
If says "boink" one mo time, and idk what da f**k that is I'm goin scream.
I love you too. Continue to keep up the good work. I'm proud of you.
Is there such thing as a non-pretentious, no-pressue, FUN networking event that doesn't feel like a MLM pitch meeting?
This menu looked delicious!
picking 2nd in a draft tonight...ray rice?
RT I owe everything. Everything. To my high school English teachers
And, no, Amazon did NOT pay me to say that. I am just a HUGE fan and I think great businesses should be complimented.
amazing the video is just so awesome <3333
with a smile on your face :-)
Glad we could warm you up today! :)
whose side are you on anyway!?
follow back
Feeling good! Progress on the new me has begun!
RT : A typical #Pisces characteristic is their creativity, & their ability to make something out of nothing.
IT'S NEW MENU DAY AT THE B!!!! We have Grassfed Beef, Brown Butter Rabbit and the B Veggie, and all new toppings and sauces!
I can't wait till summer! <U+E057><U+E105><U+E40A>
Have not tweeted in awhile
": the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose? But the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow & Tim w a bad ankle & mem was a true 8?"
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
#favmoviequote 'Christ in a cartoon' Con Air/Nicholas Cage
RT : Thanks, we're excited as well!
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
shoveling rock with my dad, ballcaps on, and sweat on our brows...doesnt get much better than this! I love daddy/daughter time :)
Try falling out of love . It's a challenge .
Its so hot again -_-
haha thanks! they'll look even better with the beads :)
says we're a "nation that treats people fairly" but he & are being unfair to US religious ppl. RT
I already took it out and it's not good enough to wear in public hahah.
If i had Prince Fielders money id give half to charity...JK id buy houses and put prostitutes in them.
they do host it internally, I know someone who works there and asked them myself b/c of all the issues yesterday.
And not 18 as it is in Europe
Audition tip #11. Actors, if you go from homeless to famous, Do Not Go on Dr. Phil!
Black T-Shirt special, blanks $1.50
a movie, it's really rude haha, aww have fun! :) I was having friend to sleep but she canceled:\ x
Found a shop that carries the #fonic prepaid sim card starter package. Finally back in the cell phone biz after almost a week.
of course, followed ;)
I love this hot weather!
be grateful for the small things in life...
hit me up on aim (RGNjay) haven't got skype yet. lol or PM me
un huh
Thank you for getting my name out there! WooHoo!!! Have a great weekend!! RT :
<U+201C>: he did the super sad face and walked way <U+0001F628><U+201D> aww poor guy :/ if he did that face I'd be quite freaked out!
ya my bad, I deleted my reply, after I read your other posts. That sucks :(
18 followers to go till we giveaway a autograph
Drop by our booth now to have Brian Reich sign your copy of "Shift & Reset" then see him present on it at 1:15 in room 211!
you seriously need to come to Edmonton!!
I'm at work during those times.....sorry
Im. So. Hungry.
is a Union that's just joined #occupywallstreet !
guess i didn't get the duck boots memo
The weiners circle is the best show ever!
RED because of Austyy (:?
how are you gonna ask me to follow you if you're not even following me lol!!
yay! Congrats! Where at?
Wal Mart is giving out knives to those who are 21 years of age or older. Is that safe? Haha
David Guetta's songs >>
I know who I am
<U+201C>: I'm rooting for you Bergman!<U+201D>.
Happy New Year 2012 Jamie
tarting a business entails a huge financial risk. Determine what can you lose and how much you are prepared to risk for your new business.
Get a 20% discount on Unlimited and Premium upgrades with the promo code cbturkey11 through the weekend!
RT : makes all the right moves! RT Lin moving to D.Lee's apt in White Plains;Avoids NYC tax 3.875% on wages
Sure! I've been interested -- okay, dying -- to see what it's like. Thanks for asking!
I was surprised, myself, that we were able to have a round 2. No guarantees past that. They can only take so much.
Of the occupy protesters in downtown Chicago, I wonder how many have jobs and how many still get money from their parents or relatives
CORRECTION: The tasting today will be Oktoberfest beers!
I learned something today. District 1 knows how to cook. Yum!!! Happy Oktoberfest!
planned final project topic: Enhancing Social Presence in Online Learning
cookies and milk
No problem, great ideas and videos.
Greg Taylor, CEO of the Foundation for Newark's Future will be 's guest on tonight's Newark Today on WBGO at 8 pm.
are you still going to the Cinemeeting event today? Report back! Live tweet it ;) have fun
I had forgotten how brutal (& awesome) Battle Royale is. Poor, crazy Mitsuko.
She's unreal RT : Beyonce is operating on different level than everyone right now!
The #Browns traded their #67 pick to Denver for #87 and a 5th Rd (#120)
What is Graphic Design? email your thoughts to #aigadesign #aiga #design #graphicdesign Thank you.
Thank you for the shoutout and spreading the word about Karl Rove in "The Daily Transformation."
yeah I think everybody should be 21 next year
I wish lost would!
hit me up yo
Me too!
Suffering Preeclampsia <U+2014> After Giving Birth
amen sister!
Where do u live? Its 1 am here?!
pie for breakfast sounds good to me.....dave, will you have biscuits too?
I'm gonna become a much nicer person. I promise.
turning my phone off.
This stall at BWW feels like a prison cell
We hope everyone had a wonderful time at this year's National Dialogue on Blacks in #HigherEd Conference. We certainly enjoyed having you!
Whose brilliant idea was it to put lots of medicine cabinets over toilets? Seriously. Does gravity only work at my house?
It's a scorcher today!
are you making us breakfast? Lol
No((: RT : I wonder if works tonight? :)
Yup. No nonsense, right? We have to "get 'r done" so we have time with our families. Motherhood motivates. :)
Awesome!!! I hope we get to see you!
UAV-cat out of bag
If your left palm itches,you'll get money. CMON LEFT HAND,start itching lol
ikr!! Or like the roads ice over or something!! Ah I would be haappyy!
Humans can speak, yet we choose to tweet.
Making that money
Hey there... Ain't heard from ya in a min... Nice #Avi pic...
Love can't always go the way you want it to.
#GoCubsGo. We<U+2019>re the place to watch the #Cubs take on the Phillies at 6:05pm. Let<U+2019>s hope #RyanDempster doesn<U+2019>t get mad today.
Besieus playing now, sound great! Then The Big Pink Outland Live!
In Keeneland's 1st Sunday taking #11 A.P. Eli at 5/2 or better. Also, betting #12 Like a Dream. In Belmont's 3rd, it's #6 More Than Lucky
what? I'm wicked smahhht. : )
Hidden Treasures of Bedford PA is now on board Diversity Platinum Rewards. Check them out on facebook: Bedford Hiddentreasures. Welcome!
Enjoyed "Spider in My Stew" by Magic Slim on Slacker
Sharon Morrissey: "Employment is the answer to poverty; education is the answer to unemployment."
Hey the amazing joey commercial skip...love it
A great event!! Everyone was just having a blast for a wonderful reason!!
Stupid eBay. This is the third DVD I ordered this month that was advertised as "new" but was a copy! Yet another trip to the PO to mail back
After seeing bits and pieces of it for years, I finally saw the entire Blues Brothers movie. Great flick!
bitch you come back into my life!
Read Benjamin Bannekers letters of correspondence with Thomas Jefferson.
I bet wold have returned despite the rain if no bacon!
as long as i'm invited to the wedding i really can't hate ha
@ kiroxa_levesque very good! so happy baby!:) miss all my friends:/ but so yeah! im be happy!:)
Glad i can tweet via texting now. Makes my life so much easier.
I WANNA BE LOVED BY YO<U+00DC> !! :3
sailing w the cap'n again!
Just had a conversation with very talented girl from Dubai one of the most talented singers I've heard and that was just Over an app
So today was my last day of school, such a bittersweet feeling right now.
I Feel Like A Loser -__- I Just Now Started Usingg My Twitter . Lolololololol
when are you coming back??? Miss u
"Threedom" is on NYC Jazz Record BEST OF 2011 list (streets after Xmas).
Happy birthday God bless!!
Happy hour? Thursday? Dang! I'm in DC all week.
FORECLOSURES ARE DOWN IN THIS COUNTRY. NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY REAL ESTATE AT THE LOWEST PRICE. NEXT YEAR, PRICES WILL BE UP BY 30 PERCENT
there is free parking! you should see signage hopefully - this is sponsored by
Your answer wants to switch focus&does not put down the facts we presented you with about solar energy.
Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast!
Love Tea Party Express emails. Textbook how to disempower. Today's subject? RECALL UPDATE: We lost control of the Senate as Senator resigns
Oh btw tonight perform at international pop overthrow.
Sgt. Slaughter FTW. The only one who's a member of G.I. Joe, and kicking facial hair to boot.
Thank you! I really want to give hope to others experiencing what I am. :-)
thanks for the follow back. You're amazing!
Have to say that was man of the 1st half at least. Been impressed with what I've seen here and preseason - step up I think
I WONDER HOW THE LIL HOMIES DID AT THEY SCRIMMAGE (PEARL COHN)
had Gallato with espresso pour on top Today went to Talan!Made money,and shopped.
She's so fucking cute... I miss her, and her kisses. <U+2665>
Please keep tweeting cultural acclimations. I enjoy them. :)
Thank You! Jumpin' Jack Flash coming up on FUV!
Working on 3 presentations simultaneously = PowerPoint hell.
#Poker Quote of the night: To be a poker champion, you must have a strong bladder. -- Jack McClelland
Up and coming bands: follow me, tell me where I can find your music, and I might (probably) recommend you and get others to do likewise
Call for Speakers Deadline Is Approaching for Percona Live MySQL Conference in ... - MarketWatch (press release)
The countdown to graduation in #faegans is seriously depressing.
Who the hell is Tyler the creator...
buy some cushions. That way u r sure the cushions don't come with stains of things u want nothing to do with.
Silently screaming, I have to have you
i Was So Tired , So I Didnt Come To School lol Sorry
Without education, you're not going anywhere in this world
RT He can touch MC Hammer
O HAI! "The Library as Indicator: Evolution or Extinction"
What's a makeover without a celebrity make-up artist to work her magic! Thanks Johnson's for sending to the #MomsFF Suite
Watching Paul mooney instead..
My ex is bringing home boudin. :-)
Anyone want to play some racquetball around 6:30? Step into my office
Getting ready for #spin class!
No not every meal needs to stay in this range but just be careful of your daily intake of carbohydrates
Reddit threads scale shockingly well.
no problem
How will you feel when you finish that task you've been putting off? Let that feeling propel you into action. Tally ho!
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON...LOL
it's a good club to be in!
pffft~I am the smartest follower u have...a lb of feather weighs > bcs gold is measured in troy oz which is only 12 instead of 16
Perfect idea RT : Dont require to register on FB to watch a video but if you do you get benefits CEO
Wendy williams look like a damn bunny in this commercial lolol
u r making me blush! :)
totally understandable, thanks anyway! Next time
You will free yourself when you learn to be neutral and follow the instructions of your heart without letting things perturb you.
I haven't been able to turn my 4g on all day, and my 3g is so slow. WHAT IS THIS TORTURE
Yeah, let's get this day done
This example is 10 rules and only had 10 slides and were consistent look. 60 minute webinar spoke 10 minutes per webinar
Good morning tweeps- the City of Milw just declared a snow emergency so you'd better move those cars! :)
I wish would get up & make me a grilled cheese PLEASE.
I got my #1GirlTour tickets yesterday! Im so excited to see again! ;)
Heck yes! 9 minute party!!?(:
Does anyone else hate the overly saturated screen of the new iPad?
Is it seriously #breakingnews that graduated from high school? Dear Lord.
We're having a blast so far! Stop by 4047 N Milwaukee if you have a chance and say hi and/or participate!
Wu-Tang is for the children
chatting to a hologram. Awesome
for sure! Just let me know when.
UI UX Designer - Tired of the city? Email us about an opening in Bend, OR.
Note to Nigerian Scam Artists: I am not a desperate, lonely old woman in need of attention. Go away!
<U+201C>: next white day after that is mine!<U+201D> PARTAYYYY<U+0001F61C>
Holy crap!! That's too bad, we were going to say yes.
"Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise of health." J Thomson
When someone adds me as a friend on Facebook, the first thing I do is go through all their pictures.
Good way to recover from the weekend- 8 mile run this afternoon!
answered a trivia ? And got um. Free! Haha Paty we were more and likely right next to each other
Provide clear error messages for forms: with indication to location of error & how to resolve the error.
Everyone have one!!!!
Ill be fine once I get it, I'll be good.
amazing. And yes, this has happened to me too.
This is our award winning kidexerciser that transforms your kid's bike into a stationary bike that controls the TV.
I bet college students would come together from all races, tiers, creeds, and political affiliations to stop that frm passing
I can tell certain people don't like me no more, new shit just don't excite me no more, I guess they just don't make 'em like me no more
going to my last class for the day.
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
Well me nar see you or Ms. Wire online. A wa appen
Today is the day I complete something....anything really. I really need a
Come on
great meeting you last night! I hope you help raise money for great causes as well add a great cause to
What is your Friday jam? Right now I am listening to "So Ruff, So Tuff" by Zapp!
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. -Thich Nhat Hanh
has grown up so fast! but I still love him no matter what!!! #BeliebersLovejustin <3
lol yea my bad I was busy last night but thanks for thinkin about me
Ty u Dora
Fuck but i dont want to see that kid from L.A High -.-
Follow me me love you!!
Spending a nice spring morning at Arlington National Cemetery.
you already know hard work brings perfect success; oh man , they dont know whats coming.
go to youtube and look up snotty Stevenson defenders of awesome. Its 4 minutes long
RT <U+201C> I wish money grew from trees.<U+201D>
actually when my sister finally tells me she has a twitter >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
my addiction to tumblr is really bad lol
World Famous Ponce will be teaching a FREE ladies Styling workshop at Downtown28/Hollywood. At 9:30p.m.
No such thing as a weekend or a day off! ALWAYS GRINDING
It's hard not to treat politics like the movie you missed the beginning off.
Lots of upheaval for Washington Capitals today--Hunter not returning, Semin going FA. Most surprising? Level of venom toward Ovechkin.
Hi D.J. thanks for following Better Wine Guide!
Make the time! Join me TODAY for a call with #Momentis that cannot be missed! Dial in 1-877-764-8713. Use PIN: 124807# at 1:00pm EST
awesome news!!
RT : Whats your sisters twitter page?
Third day of Biz Kid$ Camp & the kids are selling lemonade down at city hall!
It's official, I'll be driving from Seattle to Milwaukee to see at #summerfest in June!
yepp! Im glad you got to see them : ). We are excited to play with them some more in the spring!
LOL, I guess you're right.
You read my mind! RT : *fall out* Bonnie Raitt! *sings* I can't make you love me if you don't....
<U+201C>Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.<U+201D> <U+2014>Kahlil Gibran
Yeah, Kobe sucks right?
has the best style, i seriously want your wardrobe!? any tips?! xo
Webster NY is FUN! Get your laugh on at the comedy club!
Rush gets to the essence of right wing opposition to birth control: women who use it are sluts and whores. So who does he sleep with?
I think it might be a scrap book his mom made to encourage his hobby.
My chick bad, looking like a bag of money.
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We're already thinking about dinner. Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night!
I hope they switch our shift from 6:30am to 3pm at work!!! Thatd be so winning!!
Yum, Krispy Kreme. Hooray Central Market!
u got one
I agree. Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
YOU HAVE TWITTER?! holla!!
No.. I had to take a break for a year. I'll still be doing privates so I can see y'all there! Miss everybody so so so much!
I'm a hunter, i'll find you
lol. They still do, n sorry for the late response XD
Really happy to have shared a #NASCAR World Series with Katie and my Dad. Jimmie wins fair and square and the #29 drove his nuts off.
goodnight Peyton, I hope u have sweet dreams and I hope u feel better soon <21
I can't do this anymore.
Quoth the raven, `Nevermore.' - Edgar allan Poe
my aunt wants me to sing for her wedding!! Any tips??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMINEM #TeamFollowBack I follow everyone
Artistic collaboration can create an emotional connection more powerful than a romantic relationship. (1/2)
Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling: <U+201C>The best way to have a great idea is to have a lot of ideas.<U+201D>
Yeehaw! What is your favorite memory from Pensacola Beach?
no problem rafa .
#thuglife I get it
We form addictions to distract ourselves from ourselves. Peel away what u r addicted to and, BOOM, there you are. Be present &
When your mom is on time to school and you are late...
Welcome. Heading out to ski Keystone with my nephew who's in the AirForce Academy - this will be a humbling experience!
It be that way sometimes
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
I think there's a Murphy's law for that! Had similar experience with dishwasher.
Using my dildo tonight!!
Stealing from the poor and giving to the rich.
<U+201C>: 1. Vodka is made from potatoes. 2. Potatoes are vegetables. 3. Vegetables are good for you. You're welcome.<U+201D>
#Badgers just can't miss. Taylor hits another 3. UW is 7 of 12 from downtown
#baked relaxing before work
Now I am officially on my way to Galveston!
I wish I could do more 4 my fam.
Hangover no buenos
#Santorum may have stepped on Obama's news cycle, but while one of them gets to sleep in the White House, the other has to nap in a Hotel 6.
What sport do you enjoy watching the most?
#Omg, the whether where i live is ridiculous.
Indeed it was great to finally meet in person yesterday. Great convo with , and others last night
Could you use overloading to make python a loosely-typed language?
Planning to be at the #alamw11 exhibits tomorrow. Any AIIP/SLA *folks* want to meet up?
it doesn't work /: you could get the link from my Facebook, instagram and tumblr.
Snakes have two sets of eyes! Once you've been spotted, it's very difficult to get away!
<U+201C>: Busch Gardens tomorrow with the best. .(: matching buddies!<U+0001F49A><U+201D> TWIN. <U+0001F49A>
Bank called to see if my card was stolen cause I went shopping. Funny, when I spend $500 on whiskey shots they're like 'sounds about right'.
It's a problem that I consider taking out two books from the lib, and not even opening them, enough work for the night
You Still Believe Michael Jackson Gave You Nose Candy? Funny It Comes Out After Michael Dies
Even with the new changes to the "coffee shops?" :-)
yes! And keep it that way #noscrubs lol
I wish my "office" was that awesome!
So I purchased contacts today. Haven't work contacts since high school. Not sure how I feel about them.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
you're late...what happened to 10am sharp?
Dodgers now a hot ticket because of Magic Johnson being an owner. Might get to a game or two this summer.
George Clooney would be a good celebrity since he starred in the Descendents, which had an end of life theme
Shhhhhhhhhh.... You re alerting the cattle.
You can't buy loyalty, and fear doesn't bring loyalty. Your people are no different than your children. They respond to love and concern.
Ah.... Portland.
You should! has no upcharge on #GlutenFree menu items on Tuesdays, on Mondays!
i'll be there! I hope you have a signing or a M&G
I did my own feet tonite, and I actually did a good job. Maybe I'll stop paying the Asians...
Just finished Prince of Persia. Nice action flick.
not really! Haha <3 :) I love you.!
No way Tokoto should be ranked 70th in this class.
Organist/keyboard position needs to be filled. Inbox me.
Yes, when I tried #Boxee, it didn't support #MythTV, but that seems to have been fixed. Boxee also does #Hulu, which is nice. Thx!
The Mega Millions jackpot is now $540 million. The largest jackpot ever!
Eric the next Skip Bayless smh
Relationships ain't Relationships anymore there ill hit em up wen I wanna fuck these days smh
Of all those I don't agree with, I most admire RonPaul. I miss his debates with the line-dancers. Ron was never afraid to voice true beliefs
Drnk...oh wait. *u..drunk.
I better hear a banger in a minute
what makes some movie posters so genius and others so bad? Thoughts?
they'd start singing praise in a whole new way.
HELLO MY LOVES, THE SENATE DID NOT PASS THE JOB ACT BILL SO THE FIGHT WILL CONTINUE. COME JOIN OUR DC IN THIS FIGHT. PEOPLE NEED JOBS
I wish I could, but I have a wedding to ruin... um... I mean bartend.
hahaha how do u make that box?
Excited to be using the blue recycling bins now! The list of recyclables is fairly extensive. I'm glad the city is doing this.
"I work hard, I drink slow"
Just rocked to the set in LA via the interwebs. Two nights in a row isn't enough... New song "Let Go" is like crack to my ears
A lizard ran into the wall
Next time then. RT : <U+201C>: Hope you had a great weekend.<U+201D> I had to study all weekend!
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to God<U+FFFD>s original blueprint and not someone else<U+FFFD>s
Getting ready for basketball practice
Listening to my Reno Radio station Wild 102.9 online!
Moderate stress,like driving to an unfamiliar place to take a memory test,can produce test results similar to those of a Alzheimer<U+2019>s patient
Why do they call you wolf? Is it because you have the biggest forehead I've ever seen?
PLEASE please follow back :o)!!!!
las delicias on Park. Get your margaritas there too...jumbo
After watching #MayweatherCotto 24/7 finale, safe to say we are watching semifinals of 154lb tournament tomorrow?
apparently there's a lot going on w new media and the touring biz - mobile promos, data collection
Today is a new day. Fill it with new experiences
Spring is here....that means summer is coming, and so is Festival Flamenco!
I followed
I hope everyones gonna be okay tonight . . You all are in my prayers .
I need some motivation to write this 4 page paper <U+0001F609>
Don't kiss me kiss my penis
Beam Me Up Scotty!!!! Theres No Intellegent Life On This Planet.
No. No no. My TL
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and trash the chips!
Okay fellow cataloguers for medium line of a work with typewritten elments, would it read "Typewriter ink" or "Typewritten ink" ?
Anyone have a gluten-free solution for burritos? My boyfriend can't eat flour tortillas. This hurts my heart. Help!!!
On my way to in Jeff City to see my co-workers but miss watching the #Packers game.
Definitely Tunnel Bar - great scotch.
Try a Chicken Soft Taco Light on your intense gym days. This little taco packs a big punch with a full 29 grams of protein!
I'm going to New York today :)
Bitches get stitches
here comes the sun by
Pats vs. Giants. Uncle Jim's salutes the Superbowl teams! Pass the cheese...
i wish puck had kicked his ass. that hockey player is a shitty person, he doesn't deserve to play for the ohio state university
wmata is full of nothing but idiots.. Plain and simple.
thoughts on #robparker story about atlanta being the worst sports town?
I am more or less alive.
#beforetwitter I could have cared less about any celebrities. Now I stalk them. What a loser!
It's amazing how one song can bring back so many memories </3
about time !!
RIP MCA #BeastieBoys My heart is broken.
Chat with you one the Tweet-dio Tomorrow 10 am edt, live From Cincinnati!
Just need time to think
My mom's splice came in the mail for her special day lol
You're the best pooks!
hahaha, love that site
+1 RT : "Ask yourself what makes you come alive and go do that. For the world needs more people that have come alive" -H Thurman
Cases are pretty much unobtainable at the moment. I have a bunch of Hitachino white, red rice and ginger in bottles
Thanks, Will! It was a ton of fun, and we made it to the finish line. Next up, I wanna try for a half-marathon!
Lester Hudson to Jeremy Lin: HOLD MUH DICK
you're still my little sister <3 forever
Showing "Rinse the Blood from My Toga" afterward helps enormously.
I've never met an Italian I didn't like!!! Nice to meet you!
aw. c: thank you!
That was my next guess.
#MUSICREVIEWS As the crowd eagerly awaited their headliners in a packed out Shepherds Bush empire, Tribes finally made their way on stage
Aw thank you boo!
Is the #KefirTruck out today? xo
o der wacky weather here o m g!! :-O
I miss u, Bo Peep!
but ye, in all serious tho, hate boys
Going to bed so tired.
I still don't believe you lol. Any who did you enjoy the ass whoopin?
Happy Easter all! Enjoying my first day ! Cannot wait to see what opportunities this brings!
Feels good when other rappers Fukks with me!
what is that
Time for bed, driving up to LA in the morning!
....for dem there Gays I change my mind? Please! Those folks weren't going to vote for O no matter what.
at the end of a long hall, 1/2 way to the right left peaking your internet to see the entire thing!
Are you eyebrows thinning? We have an amazing permanent makeup artist at Deseret. Take a look at the photos and see for yourself.
ATL! Come out and enjoy the Karaoke and Spoken Word Open Mic tonight at iLounge from 7p-10p @ 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. See you there!
Oh hello Valentine's Day hangover.
nice seeing you yesterday at the #SaraBayClassic. Good luck today!
hair is officially curled(: now i have to get dressed for this graduation ceremony for my sister
Love coming home too "I love you mom" even though they should be sleeping at 1130 at night.
I think I agree. He sees her too often for it to be a booty call
sure love (:
iphone autocorrect Settings/general/keyboard/autocorrect on/off
what is that extracted from?
ME: That sounds groovy. Hope you had a great flight ROFLMAO!!!!!!
I hear yu.. What's da name of ya cd ill help yu get it out hea!!! Yu no we
Thanks for reminding us of his birthday.
really? Not even back in the day with my old emo band? George came to our first show. Poor thing. It was awful haha
Looking forward to this Saturday's Urban Wildlands Half Marathon in Richfield. Hoping for not-so-heavy weather. #running urbanwildland.com/
yeah as far as I know!
like what...?
lol, it's been great recently. Getting radio play on #wfmu and some others. Playing shows here and there. Interesting, I like. ;-)
lol playing cube field
yo every last comedian was funny as hell
Most know the chapter, but have you noticed the directions therein? God tells you where He'll be: The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Fav's tonight! Adele and Glen Campbell!
Scott Rolfe Art on Facebook.....check it out!
Rain boots! A necessary part of every girl's Spring wardrobe. Just make sure they're super cute and easy to dance in the rain with :)
Hi ya! It's Monday! What was the highlight of your weekend?
me or the whole band?
Work b funny as fuck think its bout time I shoot dem nukes
Believe strongly in and defend your convictions.* Always. * If they're right.
#opendata will ultimately proved to be the foundation that transforms governments into efficient delivery systems.
#quotes The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
Now these refs kno their bosses are watchin! If #Kentucky comes out with an L, they should never ref again EVER!!
went for a run when i got home today since I skipped gym. yeah.
ANSWERE THEY FOUND THAT BITCH NOT GUILTY BUT GUILTY ON 4 COUNTS OF MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS TO THE POLICE WHICH CARRIE 4 YEARS
Taking off acrylic nails < <U+0001F622>
Some text or tweet me im so dang bored
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
Absolutely. Barrier/ Perceived barrier is a big issue in some other #arts too - say, ballet, classical music etc.
Seen some of my senior friends....yayyyyyy lol
Ok Albuquerque, What is the best place for tacos?
Enjoyed 's company tonite. Love u
Glow Draw is the one I use.
The two things that make me feel so alive: Acting and working out. I'm lucky to have
Thanks for following the Pancreactic Cancer Action Network - Milwaukee Affiliate
I haven't been there since childhood! Haha
(: Thanks Zali for the win <3
could be soon to stop BBN from freaking out. Word is he's close
The constant companion in my journey has been theatre,
Time to leave. Goodbye twitter buddies :D
Having heart to hearts with my mommy >>> <U+E32C>
"that look like money? Money be green." -D
Mostly I enjoy Death Cab for Cutie more now, because I think it probably makes Zooey Deschanel sad.
Too much media and speculation...not enough evidence.
Wahoo! RT : it was absolutely amazing some of the best sushi ive ever had!! Ill be making another huge order soon!!
#1ofmymanyflaws my eyes -.-
what wink lol.
I'm great! I'm pretty amazing actually :) How are u Liza?
Love when people don't call me back on days I have to shoot news packages! Makes my job so much easier.
Tip of the day: it is hard to see the bright side of things when the sun is not out.
really! it was actually sunny on mine, my friend had her eyes closed when he took the photo, its so funny!
Awww .... So sorry I wasn't what you expected! ... lmfao
that's the first time i've been called that before...
ya buddy! Celebrating 2 year anniversary and seeing my 2 month old nephew.
Sitting in NY wondering about civil society builders in Pakistan. Came upon a mind-blowing org called T2F. dying to chat with you!
: If you're talking about Thompson's Point of View's old spot, that would be The Neighbor Lady. Same owner of Twilight.
Wonderful show tonight, I loved the "living room talk." It made my day. :)
Not having met either in person, I think looks like
thank you, that would be wonderful! How should we get the info to you? Email?
I'm glad soccer coaches don't wear headsets like NFL coaches...makes them look they can't make decisions without asking somebody else.
tell me who went home on xfactor and if the answer is not frankie then dont bother
Iowa right-wing politics: bad 4 America's political health as Iowa's #FriedCheese #FriedButter #FriedOreos are 4 your health
: Real love outshines any storm
Q: how important is road network?
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?? PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you to reply.. :)
I volunteer to be the guniea pig for an contest!
Which do you trust more: Thibs' clipboard or Lucas' jump shot?
#hanksteinbrennersvagina RT if being fat means striking out the red sox then so be it..
Not yet, still playing with wunderkit right now. I have AM installed though
RT : #Walking is a great form of exercise! RT + Follow us #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a custom #NikeID sneakers
cabin in the woods is wierd.
I love feel like crying because I never got tickets for his concert in November!! ;( ;(
awww feeling the love!!! Can't wait to hang with you all!
wow this picture cracks me up! (:
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
Thanks. Really! The best cam is the one you have with you. Plus my pro kit is so damn heavy. How are you?
Blue Bayou & Dixie Landin' better open soon because I'm bored!! :P
when does that happen?
Oh God,if there is one please help me with the girl hate I'm feeling right now, my eyes hurt from trying not to roll them for the past hour.
I missed you too but I'm probably gonna have to go again soon haha.
Quarantine lifted at San Quentin. back on track.
Oh well... But one thing is for sure. No matter what I will ALWAYS love United
my ticket was free. What's your excuse? Haha
my hair is crying out for a perm. lbs. almost a year without one.
me too what class you in?
I'm at with the marketing team from Germany. Good times.
"He has my father's eyes :)" "Gomez, take those out of his mouth... Dx" xD Gotta love the Adams Family.
The more I stare at the word 'exhibits', the more I'm convinced that it's not a real word.
#ThingsIveLearned GRACE! HA!!!!!!!!!!!
We're there for brunch more than dinner, but they are a definite fave.
I feel you! I'm so excited for next weekend! :)
Just one question...where DO broken hearts go?
good to know!
We do. Let's find some time this week. Get to feeling better.
#WhenAustin tweets after hours of not tweeting anything. :)
I'm a loser.
Alanna and Madison(:
Kings-Rangers. I want it.
OBSESSED WITH KIMBRAAAA
Truly hate downloading a ringtone I have made my own cuz these weak ass ppl on myxer put sucka ass remixes up you should stop trying!!!!
#dsoc #sla2010 check planner, some of my saved sessions disappeared from my itinerary
There are freeze watches and warnings out for north/central NJ tonight and (gasp!) a shot at some snow tomorrow night in northern counties.
Awesome! ": Great lunch at with : love the spicy tuna on the lunch special"
imma try my hardest
Wonderful job, Sarah. Nice to know the story behind and can't wait to dive in!
I am interested in a group coaching call. I am a first year attorney doing medical malpractice defense in Boston, MA.
Just found out #Thunder v. #Lakers Game 1 is next....
Haha I just noticed u put a sad pace instead of a happy one.
its hot how you said go for the kill.(:
Unloading silverware from the dishwasher is equal to folding laundry on hated chores list
think I'm going myself.
I sit and watch it like a guilty pleasure yet my pans gather dust in my house
Patrick Ewing mixed with Bert from sesame street reveal.... Anthony Davis.
Near the U of M Campus.
Haha i know she told me :)
Acting like nothing is wrong, but just falling apart on the inside
congratulations!!!!! Well deserved!!!!!
Headed 2 share a word at Rainbow Park Baptist Church, Rev Dial, Pastor with a book signing of "7 Steps to Peace of Mind" 2follow
LOL. Luckily for Barbara, Katharine wasn't like, "What kind of stupid question is that?"
You're a sweet heart <3
Congratulations to everyone who has already woken up and taken a class this AM! You are all so much stronger than me
Sometimes you just know right off whether or not a significant other is a potential 'next' or a 'last'...I suppose hope makes one stay
Blueberry Pancakes And Bacon...YEZZUR! (Juicy J Voice)
Is he on tv
After leaving town for almost 2wks to do a show, I'm finally back at the big M's. Tonight thru Sunday. 3655 Cahuenga blvd. W. Universal City
You'll get excited when #s start falling off! #HCG #weightloss RT Starting hcg diet Im only excited about the two first days
Everyone getting high, Get yo head out the clouds.. It's amazing what ppl will say and do just just to stick out
students contribute to readings of the class by submitting readings and summaries
Panic slowly ensuing upon me as we reach the stoke of midnight.
guess we don't have to worry about that trade anymore... so let the '12 Rondo to Howard alley oop talks take over
Pre-registration is now closed but come out to Arvey Field on Thursday from 4:30-6:15 to sign up- race begins at 6:30!
Matt LaPorta just doesn't look like a big leaguer to me. So over matched all the time
Still @ wk guess I'm forced to watch All Star game on my phone
So I am seeing the #Lyons on #broadway tonight with Linda Lavin and my Buddy Michael Esper.
do you have a tumblr?
Im just tryna stay humble, kinda hard wen u shine like da sun doe <U+2600> ;p
SPECIAL TIME!!!!
Someone from back home is visiting this week. I can barely control myself.
thanks babe
#schoolmemories Acting like a complete idiot at lunch, cracking up with my friends. :') We still do that.. haha
Happy Thursday!
to do list for tonight 1) Pack 2) read & homework 3) draw & watch Make it or Break it 4) not sleep, like always.
Searching for an SVP, Creative / UX
When you get calls from drunk people & you can't help but to laugh hahaha aww someones tispy lol
Fairly certain my past relationships fit squarely into 3 categories: NGB, stalker, or asshole.
The more junk I cough up the better I feel.
let's keep it that way and not mess with stripper laws.
#10thingsaboutme I love to run, I run cross country and track!
weed is much better than all that. MUCH BETTER. Its natural.
I can be all you ever wanted if you give me a chance.
We'd love to chat about how we can help w/ the California college tuition & accessibility challenges.
Hopefully you can get some rest, that usually helps me when I have an allergic reaction.
RT : Who has questions for #JobHuntChat?
ignore him pattie.
Fresh out of the shower! haha
thanks honey!
When is Reggie getting on Twitter?
#shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
Today was a great day. I hope everyone enjoyed it. The new years is almost here! Stay productive!!
it looks very cozy and Thanksgiving-ish. Have a happy turkey day!
Not too late to join us at the Ward 5 straw poll
out the shower
- i'm still twit-stupid ;-) I have a msg from you, but no clue how to find it. Halp! :0) (Maybe i'm just a twit? ;-))
I need to get more than one tufted titmouse, then. Thanks for the tip! :-)
Marissa is still doing hw I feel so bad!
I've been doing the writing feedback inside Camtasia. Do you know of any easy way to get G-Docs to an iPad or Dropbox?
Another killer screening in Atlanta, great crowd, amazing reaction, and the film is twice as fun the second time!:) #DETENTION 4 LIFE!!!
a person who runs up stairs with no reason looks 'tarded.
Those who think the know everything annoy those of us who do.
a man's pride. and when he walks away, that's all he will have in his heart. sounds sappy, but it's true.
I did. I'm using a mass program to clean up the page. I'll be sure to re-follow.
Hey kids don't smoke . Drug free zone.
Nothing. NOTHING would surprise me anymore when it comes to PEDs and baseball. And it breaks my heart.
don't forget Dawn Rochelle Models! www.dawnrochellemodels.com
Just arrived to Chiayi City, Taiwan :-)
HappyBaby puffs make great dairy-free, soy-free & corn-free snacks for your baby/toddler. Sweet potato & strawberry are gluten-free, too!
Fire John Embree and bring in Houston Nutt.
THx 4 helping :) RT RT : Have you given to Haiti? This is great read, and makes you feel good! Connected Media
Academic - they are not found in Fiji. Need a global issue.
Wet Dreams know they da shit...
Thanks for the RT :)
I ain't gonna leave you. My people told me that I should but I need you.
Steve your picture hangs in half of chicago's restaurants
I guesses....
1,001 followers! Hell yeah! I love you guys!
Support Local Music!! Facing Oblivion has a show January 15th at Cervantes. Check them out!!
snowing in Seattle. Cost a $1.75 to get here from San Diego today. drinking a Dead Guy Ale watching the snow downtown from the 28th floor
I'd love to. Any day but Monday works for me.
Sitting on top of a meatball
At the end of 70- the Mercedes Benz have only 3 persons at Moscow- Breznev, Visotskiy and Karpov
ONE DIRECTIONS HOSTING MTV PLAYLIST TOMORROW MORNING. freaking out. i watch that every morning while getting ready fo school
Josh Hamilton wants us to forget all the beer talk and watch the World Series... live from BUSCH Stadium.
She is waiting on the Preds.
Ha! Yeah I think it's pretty cool.
welcome to my world
My brain just created a new thing for me to be afraid of: pooping on a toilet covered in fire ants. Thanks, brain
"It just rained in my beer, can I get a new one." Nope, if you don't have a firm grasp of precipitation you shouldn't be drinking
YB Media Group's first official project for the year 2012....... Please check out the page and "follow".
Calling it now: Over the life of Peyton's contract with the Denver, Matt Cassell will win exactly as many Super Bowls
Why does Uthoff want to transfer after red shirting this year? He would likely have been a starter this year. Seems just as odd as blocking.
im great(; just at work , u?
thanks, we appreciate your support, please pass us along to friends!
thank you. You are too
yea, yea all this hype about JB and M. Buble's Christmas album. I say Christmas takes the cake anyday. And i love cake..
Do you feel like your goal is too big? Is it overwhelming? Break it up into smaller steps. Celebrated each one :-)
#DidYouKnow? It's estimated that >$2 billion is spent each year on students who repeat a grade b/c they have #reading problems. ()
After the mission & a half I went through today, I will never leave mother's day shopping for the day before <U+0001F630>
Pretty sad I aint gone be able to suprise my mama for Mother's Day tomorrow.... Aint got a way to KC :(
How did we lose to a 2-6 team???
To give proper advice we need more info re your hair. Can you send us an email at ?
maybe then you would understand its not that serious
Congrats to ! The answer is "cashew."
It's illegal to tweet and drive. You're endangering my life
im writing a book.
Vodka can be made out of anything! It was all pot still distillation until 1850s- no continuous still
Lies spread like your legs did.
Gotta dance.
U are the best! U got me over here smiling ear to ear
Where are the Quebec Nordiques when you need 'em RT First time since 1980 no Canadian team in the 2nd round.
"she fucks everybody"
"it doesn't fit in a Rolodex because it doesn't belong in a Rolodex" bwah ha ha!
I wish I could...but no matter what happens I want to go to a game soon! (September/October probably at least)
twitter -- something I read to find out stuff, if I should know what is happening it will be posted to twitter
What Kim Kardashian filing status will be for 2011 Tax Season?
That's what I meant by "unless you're going to Harvard." If it's not Ivy League, no one care where it's from.
c'mon the movie 2012 wasn't that bad! I saw part of it on Sunday...hard to hate John Cusack!
" They say they want it! But they don't want it with Chi's most wanted The Competition ". Follow us we Follow Back
The #Yankees have pitched 8 shutouts and been blanked 8 times - same record as last season.
I don't think I knew that! Congratulations!
I'd be more than willing to believe that.
June 12. Rebirth Of Detroit.
But...does it get your heart rate up?
they only cost them a couple bucks and all the t-shirts for most teams come from overseas. They can have the shirts lol
And this is why I'm leaving again. Bye Bye.
le ensenie el avatar de a mi mama y ella dice que esta guapisimo hahaha
ha so why would u tell that boy that?..just saying. Thats really creepy
Because the stupid unnecessary drama is frequently offset by pretty plates of noms, I include #HellsKitchen among my guilty pleasures.
Access to means increases lethality. How can you disagree with that? Fact is it's harder to punch someone dead than shoot.
Silly me thinking I could go home and rest after having a latte...
Hit "LIKE" if you really could have used a longer weekend
Thank you for my cuteness fill for the day! :)
's "Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!" is pretty great for long road trips.
Free Julian Assange! What he's doing wiht WikiLeaks is a great public service. He needs support, not jailing.
Last night class with killian was awesome.
Spa week in #ATL. Massage at the mansion was truly divine. Thanks, Amanda the masseuse. You're doing just what you should be w your life
I know she has MILLIONS of ppl tweeting her all the day .. oh weel she will follow me some day :] #ILLNEVERSTOPBELIEVING !!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
That would be my second guess, first is the direct payroll company. Always gotta know where the money is coming from. lol
Yikes! That is scary ... Be safe!
I feel bars around the domed building are probably crazy busy tonight. Wish I could check them out.
Wasr10 or s&w mp15? I just don't know which to get
Feeling so sick today... A trip to Urgent Care may be in my future...
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon; then call us to see how we help your business monetize your marketing efforts.
Filner says to turn page in SD, we have to break special interest stranglehold.
Playing football and basketball next week! I'm look forward to it:)
OHMYGOD!! Congrats girl!!!
I'm not sure what the proper protocol is for telling someone their breath is horrible.
Should be a fun weekend <U+0001F61C><U+0001F44D>
Laura Sequenzia from Golf World magazine discusses getting young golfers interested from an early age
Wada=Duchscherer? The news from Showalter did not sound good.
Use the tools wisely: it doesn't need to replace what you do, but rather allow you to do what you do fully
Being an adult sometimes means turning down a whirlwind trip to NYC to go to the Caps/Rangers game at MSG. Boo.
I'm proud of it...why don't u go buy urself a self-esteem?
I'm about take a few minutes to to recuperate.
Our projection is that Buddy Dyer will be reelected Mayor of Orlando, avoiding a runoff.
is it gonna b on itunes??
My mom is taking my dog to Indianapolis with us for a wedding because she can't leave her at home.
Yes I'm ice moco chocolate. I love my skin color cause I get to many complmnts
#SALUTE to my nigga
"A super fun read, like going to Six Flags with Zooey Deschanel." - Kitty Glitter () on FIFTY SHAMES OF EARL GREY.
Makin Ghost Cupcakes!!
this is such a cute idea:)
Can't get enough of PBS. Love the cooking shows esp the ones w/ Julia Child :)
Prayers for you and your dear friend.
John's ready to go ... Waiting for Luai, our team captain.
#violence is always the answer
good thing they brought you back, I would have missed you
why my lil sister ask me about logic? smfh. that nigga not seein us!
Excited to be back in the classroom today. Showing kids how to screencast and create a YouTube channel on there Apps account.
Arizona loves Mitt...wow
Thanks for the follow!!! Good to connect w ya on here!! Rock on!!
Emma is hilarous
will do
yeh but can you tell him to go to anger management? Lol
I see hope everything gd with ur health get well soon
Oh you mean rye? lmao
Can't sleep :/ I don't even know what to say :'(
Order your Choice Eating meal plan by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
aw thank you <33
I wish I had to work today
:getting ready for Italy.
Thanks Marie. You can buy them online (www.WeBeGreater.com) - the orange would really complement your shell :)
Says she just threw up in her mouth.
I'm only excited for this summer because I'll have a job so when i don't have friends my excuse will be that i have work
Sometimes when ya get the wrong order, forgotten about, & are served after those who came in after ya, there's no reason to tip your server.
We all should know that diversity makes for a rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in...
Thx very much to this week's new fllwrs Appreciate the support. Cheers!
80% of Florida's women-owned business leaders founded their businesses.
Never let ur past stop u from getting wat u want in life.Yesterday is gone,last hour is gone,so use the present time wisely & make it count.
Marley doc = dopenes. Amazing footage. His daughter came across mad bitter tho. Threw me off.
Well this is awkward.. lmao
S/O to D4L/G-Unit,, ,, and my homie BRASKI!
what do u mean?
Looks like a half-windsor to me
But... You don't understand... THERE IS A CICADA IN MY APARTMENT.
Wow Dick Clark dead. Just read this. What a legend.
At work now... can't wait for Georgio's pizza tonight!
So you guys should really come to dallas sometime <3 would love to see you guys
Thx for the #FF Keeping me on my toes
It's delightful, isn't it. I have two night classes and I'm dead by the time I get home.
This is the week of custom orders. Do you have something custom in mind? Let me make it for you!!
Thanks for the follows, I as always I will follow back until I get lost
didn't like the crickets I bought u??
All the people that used to make fun of me now i wanna throw it in their face #ifyouknewwhatittook not to do it
My motto for the presidential election is "Let the best candidate win". Which means for the 1st time we will not have a president.
IT WAS :D hahahah
a future
Thanks bro
I knew you would appreciate my insight
Traded for M. Lynch so that I didn't have to start both Texans' backs..he got hurt in pregame so had to start them anyway..it worked out ok
Don't fall in love there's just too much to lose. Don't guys just don't.
we are so in if u'll still have us! maybe you could do a library slumber party/support tour?
Super! Looking forward to your set! RT : We're playing at #SXSW! 5pm on Saturday. Sweet!
Really want to start a new tv series, but can't get away from The Office.
Echoes of silence...the weeknd
cant wait
just wait untill you read the 2nd book. It gets very emotional... But still kinky!
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do?Go into town and gang-audit someone.
You're in NYC, I'm in NYC. You work for E!, I want to work for E!. I'm starting to see a pattern. Let's make this happen!
Perfect weather for a hate crime.
I know I am and I'm trying. Self confidence has never been one of my strong points.
Shopping in Boston has been fun...so fun that I will be playing a game on how much I can get in my suitcases w/out breaking the zipper?
RT : I was grateful to see <U+2019>s words of support. Look forward to working with him to get our country back on track.
Will send them over right now
Ready to get reacquainted with your grill? Do it up right with Fresh Albacore Tuna Steaks, on sale for $13.99/lb. You save $5/lb Fri-Sun
it's A LOT of people. You'd be surprised.
UStream for tonight's meet-up here: tinyurl.com/3j6eefm
Happy Birthday Jonnie Nash, have a great day!!!
It would be encouraging and empowering for younger students to be with their older peers
Poolside at night. Happy Memorial Day everyone.
The things you guys and girls say on twitter...makes my day!
Thanks! Feel free to link that to your website!!
What kind of music do phones love to hear? A symphony
Feel Her Ass If She Has On A Thong Or Boy Shorts, She Wana Fuck
yes please! Will I see you on friday at 's #apollosafterparty?
All the boys are dressed like Wheels from Degrassi JR High today.
Thank you for your wonderful advice!
#work #peace #love #abundance Give what you seek today...
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!:)
At ALL, she too old for that shit RT : Being a bully doesn't give u cool points
Dam,I truthfully hate when people lie.When you lie to me or around me I WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST.& I dont care who tf you are!!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless.
Oh, and do #FF for the first time in like a month.
yayyyyy for invitations!
Getting ready to watch the #Avengers! Assemble!
new profile pic, kinda like changing undies
I Think you are amazing.
<U+201C>: Listen I want to hate Tim Tebow. I just can't ...... I like him. #Jets<U+201D> don't get sucked in
Fantasy draft in t-minus 5...
This line at the barber<<<<<<
Finally, week is half gone.. Already feels like friday.. Weeks end can't get her soon enough..
Being a mother is.nvr a job where u can clock in an out
I should be doing homework but you know... internet seems like a better idea.
Watching this clippers/suns game
:: He Was Just talking bout any boy . And Idk.
Love that vid! Saw some peeps saying how they are *too* close, lol
Tell us how you really feel :)
Hope you had a wonderful time! RT Headed to next week for some R&R!
I can't breathe out of my left nostril.
Our Handmade Marshmallow Gift Bags are a long time favorite, and they can be enjoyed alone, or use them on S'mores! $4 for a bag of 8
What?! It's too early in the day for stalking. I'm networking! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be hiding in these bushes.
Welcome to the paper!
Im almost their
hahaha...nah....but I'll ask her if she knows the tune
yea lol I just sat him and his squad at the back table..I think he got a face lift or something
Congrats on the new job!!!!!!!
I am not a hater but I hate the work that you are doing now, Jesus Walks moved me, Now all this secretive stuff with Illuminati
Yes!!! 5 free donuts left!!!! #letsmeetthewife :)
Packing to leave PHX for 3 months! Bittersweet but exciting over here. (w/ )
. But to what extent? We dont even know how far apart they are.
people always take shots at a winner. No surprise to me.
should come to my graduation. I'm sending you an invite in the mail. #immaneedagraduationgiftthoug #maybeasliceofthatass ?? :D
Can't think right
I am so not girlie...and yet I spent my day drawing pink hearts in Fireworks.
Who the f bomb is kony
Everyone could use a push in the right direction
Faith had tweeted bout 4 diff dudes on who her sis want her to talk to
Thats How I Do It
great RT : <U+201C>We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare...
Love is infallible; it has no errors, for all errors are the want of love. -William Law
You haven't posted a picture on INSTAGRAM yet...you should post one(:
ROI strategy session underway at #tcbsm4hr: be social, mobile, global,(SoMoGlo?) & keep the context as important as content. ROI a conundrum
Thanks! Funny I just looked at your profile and see your love of Backstreet Boys. Someone was just talking about them earlier here
#WeirdFactAboutMe I always give out big money tips for nice waiters/ waitress
what's the 90 day rule??
glad you enjoyed the interview Julie!
I'm not a political person; but people bashing Obama is upsetting. We are HUMAN, our opinions change as we get further educated on subjects.
Let's arrange a time and we will drop off some goodies for you!
I'm talking goat petting zoo on my elephant petting zoo on my blue whale petting zoo
ur website is totally cool i hope z will see it ...the best thing evah
way to finish up your career my man. loved watching you over the years. youll be missed by many here in eugene. good luck!
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
I hate when people text me after like 1pm and say 'Good morning' mmmk obviously it's not morning anymore
Time for some artisan afterhours style
Not even the winky face? ;)
Surf Report (Pacific Beach) 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Ah the VMAs. This is one night i'm extreme glad I don't have a television.
sorry, i don't do hoes.
New dishwasher installed... Livin' the dream.
We will be closed all day on Saturday and Sunday! Happy Holidays! We will be open Monday at 3pm.
Just to note #thisrapturesucks #rapturefail and also
so sorry to hear... *hugs*
I suppose to be home yesterday but my flight got problems so tryin again today
We help high school students grow as leaders and young professionals. We work with a lot of student orgs like DECA to do that!
Honest baby I'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started Don't you leave me broken hearted tonight
has both a daily gummy and a PreNatal gummy! RT : <U+201C>: I need a good vitamin any suggestions?!<U+201D>....
My followers <3 :)
Luol Deng is the only Bull on the floor tonight that deserves to win.
When was that picture taken? Doesn't really look like Jimmer.
I'll be there tonight.
Watched #50/50, it is more powerful than #Philadelphia and funny at the same time. Great combination!
I just hope this contract is over with the PAC10 and Vanderbilt university
We'll not only give you input on case strategy,but prepare witnesses for deps & trial,oversee focus groups,& advise on jury selection.
lol... MY BAD!!!! Thank goodness you're a gentleman!
either way no.
Excited for #AmericasCup tomorrow with the team! We'll be sailing with the #PacificVoyagers to Broadway Pier bright and early!
but there going to hell..and they all live in fucking Utah.
Privacy balance can be kids v adults or kids rights v adults responsibilities
My sister cleans, cooks, and looks cute all the time. Why is she single again?
"sometimes we let perfect be the enemy of good." Food for thought
I just threw up in mouth a little.
Omg mama I don't want you and Austin to move it not gonna be the same </3 when r u gonna come back?
Best in the world at what I do.
very well said.
Foundry's new office are finally up and running (clean, freshly painted, and...connected to the internets). Now it is time to catch up.
<U+201C>: Little kid shown on big screen at The Ted with sign that says "Chipper, can you stay til I grow up?" #Adorable #FSBraves<U+201D> <U+0001F609>
that seems strange!
It's lyrics to a freakin' Sugarland song...look it up & shut it ;)
It does seem like one sick joke!
co-ed leering is a GO, my friend!
LOL! Yes I do and yes we have. Wanted to see if you were awake. RT : You have my cell phone! We've talked on it before didn't we?
If you weekend is free, seriously consider heading up to Feast of the Hunter's Moon in Lafayette. One of our favorite Indiana events.
sure, that will keep the bullies at bay
"Still workin on that?" - the line every server gives to people at the end of a meal, instantly likening the experience to pigs at a trough
just let me know where in la you will be so I can give you truck info
I have an ok stylus.. which one is your fave?
Taking down a few dabs of some seriously potent Co2 Sour D wax. Super dank, great quality wax. Super Irie!!!
For is for blokes, PEPSI's for folks!
Brain Floss: A $250,000 mechanical mouth used by dental researchers can duplicate a year<U+2019>s worth of chewing in 24 hrs! It is used for tests.
It's actually pretty old school, from the middle ages.
GOP always uses Hussein to scare their dumb followers! Ricketts will pay for his Political stance. Cubs as mediocre as owner!
Man, that 4th Circuit was busy today, doing everything except health reform.
#MothersDayDedication - To the moms who are HOTTER than their daughters!
This looks good! Once we get our VJ following up - we'd love this!
Thanks love you guys!
Fun! Say hi to Laura for me! RT : Meeting for marketing steering committee! (@ Greater Miami Convention...
sure can we Skype at 12pm PST? I have a Christmas party at 3pm PST
same . Still singing and dancing .
Happy birthday !
What a nice guy you are Eugene!
Today is Piss Peyton Off day.
It is, in the sense that was joking about it, so I designed and printed it up.
Haha started tearing up when I put on Shania<U+0001F602>
I'm going to be on Long St. about a half mile from your library, so you'll be my new friendly neighborhood librarian :-p
newsletter this week has a great blog from about leadership. Great information. It's a must to subscribe to
played a doubleheader yesterday, with talks at the Colonial Society of MA & the DAR Boston Tea Party chapter, re "Defiance of the Patriots"
every time i watch #HBOGirls, i feel compelled to mass text all my clients & ensure them that's not how i watch their kids.
The Sidney Hillman Foundation Announces 2012 Hillman Prizes for Excellence in Reporting in Service of the Common Good
probably one of the best worst things you'll ever see in your life!
Ever heard someone say, "The Lord knows my heart..." Yeah, well.. OK -> NspiredBy Proverbs 21: 2
The pattering rain at 4:00am is both a lonely and lovely sound. It makes me yearn for sleep and waking.
International Forecaster April 2012 (#6) - Gold, Silver, Economy + More
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online
hey :) I love loiter squad I LIKE CHEESE ! Follow back ?
is now on Twitter!
fuck my life.
shared via fb and your sis
Hey if u could just get this little girl to stop staring me down tht wood b great, thanks.
SCMC MUSIC CONFERENCE IN CLEVELAND ON THE 24TH HERE I COME!!!
also thank you, , for the news of $3000 books i will never own, even though...well, yeh. i'll never own 'em. but i can WISH. :)
When I have to stand up on my tip toes to hug you<3
I smell meat
Thanks for following us!
Where you playing at? And good luck! Feel free to use my Uku-fail-le joke to warm up the crowd.
I'm in like a pissy mood.
absolutely beautiful! Great job to your pastry chefs.
A very special #FF to our fellow SM informers
gosh a ton,but its worth it,because you play the perfect malfoy,it would suck without you!i love you soo much!!
You're most welcome!! Sorry for the belated reply, just one of those weeks. Hope you're having a good one :-)
you are too kind. I am as ready as I can be.
Took a nap and had the weirdest dream ever. O.o
Also I'm totally wearing a T-shirt with an American flag on it
#FF Thanks for your kind RT's and mentions
Knowing myself I'll be celebrating by doing absolutely nothing:) orr going to my other job that I'm actually keeping -_-
Snow yesterday, sun today? Gotta luv that #ColorfulColorado <U+0001F49B>
you still down here?
So proud of my Union leaders! boards, reps, Volunteers, staff United!
Really nerding out researching Wet Plate Collodion process right now. Damn, I love being a photographer!
I got you and awww I miss you ! <3 :)
Dude. Check the loop -- you are famous.
Ever want to shred rejection letters? That's exact what artist Nava Lubelski does. Hear her talk @ SECCA, Thurs., May 17, 7 pm. FREE
i love your laugh.
miss u babe.. hope school is going well..
thanks;) it was really great to meet you briefly!
Chilling.!! Cant wait till Sat Feb.11.! , WE GONA SHUT IT DOWN... LIKE ALWAYS HAHAHAAHA
I love your tweets! :)
My lifetime battle with Holy Name Cathedral continues. Mean priest gives me the evil eye. I get it, already!!
well arn't you cool lol
can you imagine putting Lulabelle's future husband through that right before he proposes?
that's exactly what i planned on doing, lol
ahahahahah its a sexual harassment meeting girl and all i know is that there will be food
Thanks for the follow back lady
too bad it is all going to bills, bills, bills ;)
Bahahahahaha. Hope he was nicer than the cab driver I had when we were in Miami.
T minus two hours to The AVENGERS!!
Have fun. Would you believe we have Opening Day tomorrow? First a parade town then a day of games. Hope the weather is good.
Judging feels good to us. We temporarily forget our own failings as we focus on the faults of others: James Bryan Smith
me too! In bed checking twitter. <U+201C>: Trying to sleep in and I'm wide awake!<U+201D>
Ready to take on the world. Refreshed and refocused.
excited to play the Hard Rock Hotel tonight with by more awesomeness this weekend ( at the Green Mill)!
IM READY FOR ALFREDO TO MAKE ME SMILE AND MAYBE FOLLOW ME PLEASE.......love you <3 gotta #BELIEVE right
I hope this twin of mine have no enemies out here cause everbody greeting me as "Mathew I see u been hitting the gym hard!!!!! " Lol
"Flexibility is the antidote for uncertainty" - Alison Moore, VP Process & Product Engineering, Amgen
3 New song now ready for your ears. Check them out, let me know.
Anyone see the new Directv commercial? The one with the guy & the eye patch. Did you think it was weird? I'm just not sure.
Thanks for the Mention!
This game is incredible
oh can't see! Please describe. :-)
gym at 1030 for 4hrs thats bout it x
It should be a great time!! <U+201C>: we are!<U+201D>
Juicer recipe: apple, pineapple and rainbow beet. Yum...
ard, cool. What's your email address?? I can send it to you this afternoon
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout E
Walking by mountains, streams, forests, and lakes... even better!
THE AVENGERS is going to make $1 billion by next week. Wow.
you as well Chelsea! ;)
Great session w
Love me some Kurt Elling on Such a great cover of Joe Jackson's Steppin' Out.
So glad todays the last day.
Notice me someday..
Love her!!
Congratulations to and for winning the amazing Headphones
Some me love!!!!
oh did u guys have to take it today?!
I know! Right now relying on my 90 pound dog
IPhone users sure are trying to get Android followers on
We always love having you at #ClosetSundays!
It's Teacher Appreciation Week. Thank a teacher who's making a difference.
Ok, we get it. We are more excited about Friday than everyone else. So sue me...
not much, went ham w/
What's the deal with Fig Newton's? As in, what's the deal with how awesome they are
They didn't want you to get too famous. They still don't know you are the real Slim Shady
what....on...earth??! scrunched up cheetos bag in my coat pocket! what time did we go home?
what a great choice <U+0001F44C>
I highly recommend installing TwitterBar on your system You can tweet from the address bar in your browser. Very cool!
Going to state fair with
Let's Go Racing Boys... Bud Shootout time! :)
MJ taught me that
#XFest/ at was rediculous tonight. Can't believe it actually happened.
I GOT MY TICKETS FOR THE LA 2013 SHOW! #soexcited I love you all
<U+201C>: Rise n shine everybody!! Something tells me it's going to be a good day... #attitude<U+201D> When's your next tourney?
is looking for a mixed #Recruiter / #Sales #Consultant for Kineticom in the
What Team Is Your Pick To Win The 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament???
Part of why I love her is she only knows how to speak from her heart. No BS with that one.
this is what we're bringing this is the world that we're creating. and it doesn't exist without all of us
sounds like pre-draft misdirection. Enough to generate trade discussions and/or keep teams away from taking who they want.
I'm not following. My statement about it defying 3D space was reaching, though. Bottom line is, it's very hard to put into words.
Its raining in Mississippi is it raining in your State too. Not that Mississippi is my State I just like saying MISSISSIPPI
These guys are praying Cousins beats out RGIII... smh
I will.
Where the hell is my life going?
It's that time of the week again...swing dance! We will see you at 8 tonight!
Awesome! Excited to see you there :D
I'm here so I'll see you soon!
sorry I never called Saturday! I was in bed before 12.
it better be! They are slowly but surely losing me. Bring on Emily!
Tomorrow will be better.
i was about 2 say
Richard Branson you have not achieved success at success at success. You can do so much better.
yea I said they would start getting nervous.. Tevez is back!!! Lol
ONE-LINER: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Congrats on winning the 2011 NAVSA grad student paper prize!
#FF Runners Good Morning to all of my fellow human tweeters! :D
If I had a helmet, I'd wear it, too. I busted my butt in the mid-Dec. storm, and I'm in no mood to do it again. Walk carefully!
Over the next 4 days I will be watching basketball nothing else. #NP long Beach St. vs New Mexico. Feeling an upset
ridicule is well deserved for both of us! The ignominy of finishing below Spurs...
it's like Steve Harvey FUCKING Kim kardashian
i was just kidding about that last tweet, there arn't any women at my house
thank you ! love you too !
show me the fucking spinning beach ball one more time
Good work, boss. :-p
In the Orville & Wilbur exhibit at Air & Space Museum: "Curiously, no one in Elizabeth City knew much about Kitty Hawk or how to get there."
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone say it's dead when really u just took it off the charger
so true!! You go get em sister!! The funny will find you! Xoxo
As someone who has ALWAYS hated running, that is way impressive. Go you guys!
In fact, Iguodala hasn't made a shot outside the paint since the first quarter.
little reverse psychology there...
booze time
Your amazing and I don't know why I love u do much but I do oh and jolt follow me bye
you need to tale care of her?
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her
Blackberry battery getting low , ipod battery low. So finna think bout somethings and fall asleep!
would you be the flash?
lol well it really isnt a Monday night if you havent used the phrase "dick bag" at least four times. Ps so excited for Nunus HH !!!
I am also thinking about starting a poker blog... I would have fun Las Vegas poker room information and funny things that happen at table!
vote YES on Meas. 26-125 and keep our badass libraries open. this is a command not a request.
ik I am going to albivi and icon dance soon
love your show!!! Such a blessing
Romania gov't: moratorium on shale gas exploration - The Seattle Times
We want to wish everyone a happy and safe Labor Day weekend :)
Never let fear of rejection or the unknown stop you from going after what you want. Be brave! Take risks and never give up!
": If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. -Mother Teresa"
Fortune cookie message said: "The future looks bright." For once, I'm in agreement!
Thank you for your service ": Tks so much ! Being Afghanistan combat vet,means the world to me "
your telling me you wore it in public in the past?
can we just add the text??(:
On Android with IM+
if im not home by the time justin performs Believe on the voice tomorrow.. i might have a melt down.
Saw JIRO DREAMS OF SUSHI at the ..do not see on an empty stomach will make you very hungry! Haha
I wish I was at #coachella but I'm grateful for 2 shoots this weekend! One in-studio (acting) and one on location (hosting) Rise and grind!!
Hey Everyone! Pre-Order that album! Its so gnarly!! and buy some while your at it
Anyways, i got to go :) Lexi says hi! Haha.
Gr8t Q. RT : RT : Rarely asked, know what youre getting into. RT : Why is the position open?
Registered sex offender in Moultrie Co. arrested twice in one week. Details at 5pm on WAND.
is so underrated
my bad! good stuff
listening to a lot of sonar rhythms - both from underwater and outer space... shall they be fish, aliens, or a combination of both ;)
Arlo Guthrie and HANSON singing I Ain't Gonna Be Treated This Way at the Brady Theater! Woody Guthrie Centennial!!!
This is some ole bullshit -_-
Eggfast OSU peeps: Eggfast will be closed from 3pm-11pm today 2/22 for the Eggfast Christmas Party. We like to really milk Christmas....
Still working.
I am shockingly bored. Vegas this aint.
What an amazing day saturday repeat !
We have the cutest messages! (:
H<U+00E4>agan Dazs is copying Ben & Jerrys by having Free Cone Day today. Next week they will do B&J's flavor naming with The Almond Brother Crunch
beer me!
I want to I miss living in SA!!</3 ": i miss you more :( I want you back ally!!! Please !! *gets on my knees*"
You want to see how times have changed? Watch Eddie Murphy: Delirious. Boy the world was pretty ill informed back then, eh?
they are averaging 7 hits a game for the year
good afternoon dina
bonfire my house right now?
hey! hi my bro!!
Post Edited: Dulcet - The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
Who's headed to South Padre Island?
it's just wrong not to love steak...but it happens. Heart breaking huh? Please give our steak love. Soon!
Same here.
#Baltimore is definitely a sleeping giant. Back in '96 and '97 a Wednesday night in May at BWW woulda looked like a Sun now.
I cried when ryan dunn died! :(
MLK Streets Project is excited to be on radar. From DC to Dakar: 2013.
Hi Gail, are you back in town? woudl love to get in touch.
NBC: Plane took off this morning from Slidell, LA, enroute to Sarasota, FL - pilot now reported incapacitated
This question popped into mind and is now beginning to plague me: are virtues (particularly moral virtues) socially constructed?
are you still at the airport?i just got here too.
We're doing well, but missing Alto Adige
happy early birthday Josie!!!
Thanks for following, James!
laying on a bed on computer and and its hott
This is one of the disadvantages of wine; it makes a man mistake words for thoughts.
Wow, I think we had better start another contest! I will discuss this with my team right now! In the meantime, Happy #FF Everyone!
I really really wanted to go but I was busy melting in the hot sun in the outdoor wedding next door :(
do u wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk and austin and or other people we can play music we can sing we can do whatever
It may have been because he tweeted about his expected return from injury, organizations don't like that
Illinois Coach Ron Zook looks exactly like Bill Lumberg....UW looks uninspired today.
your right I do, and I am its coming soon lol
What do you appreciate about your spouse? How many things can you come up with? Don't tell him or her, just tell yourself.
Who runs this account?? I'm curious
This date in 1982, John Belushi died from an overdose of cocaine and heroin. His tombstone reads "I may be gone, but rock n roll lives on."
Even the realest people are fake sometimes
i need to be a A&R i know hits and talent and bullshit. Who i need to have a meeting with.
What happened to the Dude from Back to School that isn't Rodney Dangerfield, RObert Downey, or Billy Zabdka?
Acting out in mother's clothes, dreaming dreaming no one will ever know
That really should have read
You should post recommendations. My book club is meeting tonight to discuss 50 shades and I want to impress them w/ good smut.
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
RT : Big Happy Birthday Shout out to my Dude Dyson!!!! From The entire Citi Team!!!!
Reminder: Regular Meeting tonight at 7:30. We'll try to keep it brief so there is more time for hacking.
Barrett had an excellent day of campaigning. #Wiunion has your back, as you move #Wisconsin #FORWARD ~The focus is on Friendship and Good.
You forget all the songs you were going to get on your iPod when you finally get to iTunes.
is funny how when u was young u was always scared of your mama or daddy but as you get older u start to buck on they ass!
nice!!! Think I'll join!
That moment when people steal your edits & dont give you credit, its like wtf ? :o i always credit the owner (:
$2bil for the #dodgers? Sure hope they got the parking lots. Because otherwise, that's just overspending
attending crystal moll art opening in silo point.
I will be happy to serve you a one course meal... Popcorn anyone?
watched the RFS lose tonight, sparse crowd of 2847
MEDIA MATTERS' COMMIE-PINKO ROBOTS say Rev.WRIGHT scandal's unfair, but OK to hurt Romney w/50-year old gossip.
Wish I could come! Say hi to my hometown for me.
Actually, not trying to butt in, but sounds to me more like a drinking solution than a problem. #mytwocents ;)
You having your breast out every episode is degrading to women.
turn on by the smell mo doe ..lovin wat u haters do to me ...i promise to leave yall wit a kiss of death before its all said an done ~ IMEAN
LOL. We tried to take a pic of her, but she went by too fast! Adam has one of her as a dot.
when and where was diggy simmons?? :(
Definitely the weather!
Wow rose!
How are you preparing for thanksgiving?
imma hit u up gotta meet this dude don't know what time tho
haha well we're ready for you to get back! Where are you right now?
#HelloFriday.Here's to the weekend
Dear six pages, please appear out of no where so I can finish this paper.
<3 you actually said it.
Oh damn! SING SING tomorrow nite @ neumo's is gonna look crazy! Winter forrest, blizzards and sexy elves!
No problem is insurmountable. With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything. -B. Dodge
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change. -Les Brown
So here is my recommended double feature: Tampopo and Big Night.
The pain in my gum is not letting me sleep *sigh*
Oh man, I have to work next Friday so I can't watch the Grimm season finale.
No prob - that's really, really great news!
Omg I'm dying again, srsly thinking about crying myself to sleep. Gonna take an ice cold shower and pass out hopefully :(
your phone is dead or something :( ugh
Do you have a rental property & need more exposure or rentals? Contact me, we can fill your property!
@ music video shoot again n another yummy vegetarian craft table
<U+201C>Happy Holidays! Book your New Years Eve Package right now for $89 and receive free bottle of champagne and breakfast! Only for tweeters
very good move...
That would be insane in the membrane.
Yay! I miss it and you! Hang next weekend for sure!
There are so many kind of grains out there. Does anyone know what kind of wheat is semolina flour made from?
from Faded knows whats up..... Left Handed high fives all the way around!
Why cant this day go any faster
I guess this is where I should be? Little lost at the moment.
blessings to you and the 116 crew for the #ManUp conference! So excited for what God is doing!
my favorite quote of the day " The San Diego Police Department doesn't investigate weirdness. We investigate crimes."
After the game get to Bartinis for all your Friday night fun!
Happy Platypus Day
Oh no! are u sick!?
What happened? It says it's offline...
At the Walker... Design in Production
nope...sure didn't. Was ready to go..FB me his number..
UGH butter ball!
Bravo ACPA Trailblazing writers, directors, & performers! Special thanks to actor James Duke Mason for his help in the production.
do you have an oovoo..?(:
haha i'm here for you girly :)
Believe me, that happens a lot. I've also found it common on the rare occasions that cold calls get through to me as an exec.
Can y'all tell I'm annoyed
I'll be there there for the Christmas weekend. Cobbleheads Sunday??
Getting kicked in the balls gives me a bigger hard-on than Viagra.
A mixture of Massage acupuncture and chiropractic care can help prevent pain,sickness,and injury. Start preventing today at two suns massage
are you playing tonight?
Its no longer a mistake, now its a choice.!
Hi Claire, and thanks for connecting! I'm making my way through your posts. Technology is not my forte, these are so helpful!
Where the heck did empathy go?!
Of pipe-cleaner chairs: Can be used for chairs in a dollhouse, display items or as chair for pipe cleaner stick figure people to sit on.
what you on bro?
Gonna be a crazy weekend...gotta make 900 pops over the next 48 hours!!
When your tired but afraid of what you might miss<<<<<<
I think playing a New York song was a bad idea lol. Hopefully Niner fans are kinder to you guys unlike towards Williams
Gotta love Thursdays! Tomorrow it's $2 off your combo plate!
thx rose, been resting all day.. so i do hope i feel better in the morning.. lol. Hope you been well
I never show or let my haters know they've got the best of me because that gives them power
One of my all-time favorite sayings RT ": I am so crap at..."
Guest list: divide it in 3s: 1st those who will attend, 2nd those likely not to, 3rd those who might. This helps figuring #s early.
Picked up an entire bookshelf of free books - good ones.
Team WATF splits our double header today. Comeback win over TAC! Comeback against SED falls just short as they score on a hailmary!
What?! Where?
<U+201C>: If there wasnt a fence to keep condit in he would of ran all the way back to new mexico. #209bitch<U+201D>. BUT THERE IS A FENCE
At the sasquatch launch party, and the lineup this year is righteous!
W/e I don't have to deal with that hoe come Thursday.
Almost done with my XSL-FO to make pretty printouts of my #toodledo tasks.
I so want the Ravens to go that way...kid is gonna be special
We are so excited to open today and see all these happy clients! We would love to see you too ;-)
I think that's why I love the slight purity of over the over-pushed other promotions.
If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, put on some fucking make up.
Thanks man! :)
that sounds like my record collection!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO THE MAHOMIES. THIS WILL BE OUR YEAR! 2012!!!!!
": Pissed the hell off" u pissed?? Nnooo I cant believe it (sarcasm) lol
I got bored with it last year, so I haven't watched this season either. I think it's been on eight years? That's a good run.
<U+201C>: when it rains it pours :( hope your night gets better<U+201D> thanks girly! Me too!
be safe.. big data chick!
as mr rogers used to say.. it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
I like-ah tha dark ones
can't sleep, too much shit going through my head right now
Last day of high school ever.... this is so surreal...
Nice! I'm ready! ;) RT : Seriously! Having a blast with the #svafaculty today! One more day of training! Be ready!
The peanut gallery in full effect SMH RT : I'm not touching that one. Lol
all I got to say is at least that was contested. The FTs are unguarded. Lebrick's been a mediocre FT shooter since he's come in
thx Tyler! appreciate the note.
Headed to a skillet handoff from a friend doing a show above a chinese restaurant in logan square. Yep.
So pumped that I got a parenthetical reference here. Boom.
Why do I have to be #ForeverAlone? :(
Why we glorify a life of sinnin, then turn around put it on wax and sell it to children
I've been workin' all night, man What's a young kid gotta do to blow up...
When is your "Get It Girl" video dropping?
I hope that crazy bat lady Senator Rosen isn't related to our favorite Rosen.
"I Am More Than My Next Meal"
Those Ron Paul supporters need to accept the fact that now he's gone #Obama is the clear choice.
How the hell do you do that? I run about 3 miles in the same amount of time.
To be fair, Giggs had better vision/positioning than Carrick all yr and if Scholes is the best mid you got. Change.
I seem to recall the same thing... and the feeling was just as disconcerting that time too.
Analyze where your customers are and what your competitors are doing before deciding which SM channel is best
your so kewl
Actually, yes. But Alpine has great beer and fried pickles.
with these extra shots of espresso im feellinn real good! #HammerTime!
Today's red isn't it?
Thanks so much for following guys!
I Love the idea of extending the experience, creating a community outside the institution. splendid!
Twitter>facebook
You eat a lot, yet you still stay thin and good looking(;
kmsl he so stupid he rly just gonna sit ona phone : ).
oh and I want to go to the movies tomorrow. :)
It was the height of the Depression..who turns down free money? They wanted a spectacle of a trial and they got one..they lost and I won..
Sweet! Thanks
Bill Belichick finally upgraded in the 1st round!! We got a DE & LB!
no no on the jigga beer
i will be there!!
Is this a flashback to when I watched this show or my childhood?
No, the chant is Canada: America's Hat...
what the mamacita
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
Left a TO in Boston!
#smx Facebook now has 800 million users. The previous record holder was heroin.
Hey Guys this Sunday is the 1st day of Startingpoint Apex!!
Chili cookoff today with my favorite girlies :) Everyone needs a few weekend indulgences.
<U+201C> Happy Resurrection Sunday :)<U+201D>
This twitter feed is actually the second level of the dream.
I panicked! Influxx is my joint.
what's your tax question? I can try to answer it. PM if you want!
OUT WITH THE OLD IN WIT THE NEW
I feel the same.....being famous is like a tug a war and it seems, for women, like it's always looks first, then brains. Go Ashley!!
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of Heels 2 Heal Charity charity event on October 1st, supporting Angels Foster Network!!!
Plain <U+00BB> Microsoft Office System Plain &amp; Simple <U+2014> 2003 Edition (Bpg ...
he's a pussy
Im Ready For Whatever Tomorrow Brings .
the buried lede in this piece is the fact that the WSJ ed board thinks romney should ease up. that's kind of remarkable
If Internet marketing geniuses are so smart, why don't they try to sell something other than their ideas?
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Wilkerson's book is special & for all the raves it garnered probably not sufficiently praised. Glad she'll be here.
feel you. I have 8am dr appt. On my way too.
Thank you
Got a gig tonight at 10PM ! Looking forward to rocking out!
RT : BREAKING: Authorities say they plan to file charges against band members accused in hazing death of #FAMU drum major. <Good!
I'm still in bed. awesome or super awesome?
We are so lucky for such amazing employees- current & past. Thank You!
That's not good at all to be stressed. If you need to talk about anything you know you can always message me on here hun. <3
no the one for you? In ur bag there should've been a bag of cookies and a muffin
Does free wifi mean anything if I'm only getting 100 Kbps?
2nd fave item is prob a 2009 team USA WBC ball signed by everyone but Longoria & Brian Roberts.
Markakis' shot barely went over left-center wall.
If you want a true high-res magazine buy the printed version, not an iPad Retina digital version.
two hours later... O's he still the complete package or has he lost a few peanuts along the way?
can you hit is long? :)
srry guys that wasnt the good one ! :$ >> my story im going 2 look for the right one haha :$ xmichelle
Thanks for sharing our #blog entry!
Just tapped Flying Dog Double Dog Imp. IPA 11.5%. Last of its kind in WA.
Is it easy to learn patience? I don't think so. Its one of the most difficult personal qualities to master..
Did you not take your meds this morning? I need my meds this morning.
IT'S SAT! TIME FOR LUNCH & $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE! GET HERE!
Enjoying "new" old IBM compy...thanks to fantastic help from Hampton. Now I can once again operate fluently in both languages: Mac & PC!
A mix of sun and clouds today. A spotty shower can't be ruled out of the question. Warm with a high of 90!
Ah man, looks like i'm really missing out :(
my brother is so damn annoying.
You know you're a swinger when... You are wearing wristbands in most of your vacation photos.
Oh, brilliant!
loving the new album already! I've been jamming all morning! Two Black Cadillacs & Blown Away steal the show!!
Im in calf
Me and you are going to have serious words tomorrow boy! <3
LOL I'm watching SNL right now (:
My sister () gets the world...
let's figure out a day/time that works. you can come see the collection,get a tour and you can browse all you want!
Ok, this #SF thunder and lightning is cray cray. My margarita is scared!
Thank you for the RT CADL!
This is my last resoooooorttttt!
this is so good!! cant wait to see what happens next!
We're back from lunch at #nfais, Bill Zobrist from Pearson is talking about e-textbooks.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow - Swedish Proverb
Can't believe they got us outside this long
What a great game! Someone is missing to watch it with me though.
haha waiting for your message my dude ! where you been at tho !!?!?
Has anyone found a good way to download the cables or access #wikileaks?
Nuthin hurtz like the lie u didn't have to tell...FUCKER!!!!
Creating session proposal on reading room access & security this month for #SAA12 if any folks are interested - dm me
NO! Titans get Wright.
It should make you feel super special. Like a BBC book.
hes from pick central receiver 2nd best on the team but runs a 4.4 40 so he commits to osu but has yet to pass 2 if the ogt parts
Matt Damon is balled and looks like an alien ...:p
RT WHO HAS HEARD THAT WORD??
I was just told that I look like Dana Eveland. So there's that.
THANK YOU for taking driving!
Dear Pandora, it would be wonderful if you'll stop attaching me with all your stupid commercials, Thank you
Grandma's near the end... This is the part I hate. Waiting while they appear to get worse. She's 90 so she's lived a long life.
"she is totally a people chicken."
Are you regularly including raw organic foods (veggies and fruits) in your diet? Creates more vibrant health & is thinning!
"I'm not better than you I just work harder than you!" I'm here to motivate you! Cause if I can do it you can! Don't be mad be motivated!
Please disregard that last tweet, wasn't me that posted it
"What will happen to the least of us will happen to all of us..Equity is at the center of our name because it is at the center of our work."
This is crazy !
Off to a car dealership.
pretty good! I missed the show last night, seeing you on the stream reminded me yesterday was monday! LOL
Congrats to Eli and his two MVPs, but Peyton will always be the better QB. He changed the way the position is played. That's greatness.
if you can give a speech or even host an event at a fair or something where you have to talk in front of people then do it!
#HUNTERS + = PERFECT BABIES
I wonder what lookin like right now
Guilty Verdicts In PHONY Clooney Clothing Scandal
Ah. Well, I guess that's the danger of having to cram info into 140 characters. Did you watch it, or had you seen it before?
checking to see if we have more orders for today!
yep. That is true. At the end of the day royals can't miss like that regardless of reason. Hopefully hoch is last big miss
Unattributed note from Marcus's The Other Victorians: until mid-Victorian period, domestic servants exceeded industrial workers in UK. Wow!
Halloween Pub Crawl this Saturday! Starts at 6:30 ! All the details here www.calpubcrawl.com!
saw you at Augusta today. Perfect day to walk around wasn't it?
I miss y'all little niggas too !
Ill do anything to sleep with my bf right now
Jonny Evans (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
uhm puppy chow! or idk anything just bring something. anything.
Ah, finally back home. Feels nice to be bac on the dresser (: haha
"YEAH!" Normal People: ..... Me: "YEAH 1, 2, 3, 4, SOON AS YOU WALK THROUGH THE DOOR!"
you needed an article to confirm I'm a good guy???
<U+201C>: how are things man? When are you joining us on radio?<U+201D>everything alright bro. What time r u guys on?
RT : Trying to put tgther things to do in madison wi when it's raining... ideas? Cozy up & get ready for
caller id or Gtfo
JEALOUS ~?shelley?~
this week went by pretty fast <U+0001F44D>
Fellowship w/ Faith World Orlando this morning. What an awesome service! #ShoutUntilYouAreOut!
what are you talking about lol?
don't try to ball my babymomma out like that! That's my baby for life. <U+0001F618><U+2764>
Wow, we're nearly ready to launch App in Seconds!! Just setting up the Facebook page and YouTube channel right now. Watch this space....
Think there's a bacon-chocolate wine out there? Fingers crossed.
cuz some ppl are just dumb
Cropsey# fantastic fest# great doc. Next screening on Monday. Filmmakers also have dvd's for sale.
agreed. Live with a woman for ten years and not much is surprising...
nope. Haga guess we just got to be ratchet.
For the record, I would never, ever mess with Jacob Peterson.
Thinking of how the notion of generative tech infrastructure (Zittrain) can be related to emerging social practices
shot I know! That was funny as hell
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. (:
<U+00AB> Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.<U+00BB>
no one will.. sex will either be obsolete or we'll all be dead
So co co co cooollddddddd! Pressure wash top deck, bottom deck and patio, check!
lol we're watching Willy wanka and the chocolate factory
got a lot on my mind , night twitter :3
#rip to the bolt. She was a great car and friend
It's never easy to be chosen.
... Another phenominal collection of B&W photographic art on the auction block at Artnet!
If pocahontas and the smurfs had babies, the result would be avatar...
Please follow Von Miller Hes a crack up.
#ESPNmnb wonder who the cubs fans will boo more? Braun or Ramirez?
Hi Kim! So glad to hear it! Doing well here - hope you are great, too! See you soon! :-)
that we can agree on
"In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy"- Fred Durst
HVAC maintenance have many benefits like reducing your energy cost and will increase your comfort!
Thanks. I agree...steaks are better. ;)
Here's how it going to be: The next time you see me I'll only be capable of speaking in Third Eye Blind lyrics.
Happy leap day twats!!!
''Soy Belieber, <U+00BF>pero qui<U+00E9>n es Alfredo?'' Bitch, please, get back in your cage. e.e bitch e.e
gosh I look sexy back in my high school days, Class of 2006!
My mom said "if you dont let me paint your nails you cant go tomorrow!" So I hopped over my couch&my leg was asleep so I hopped on 1 leg.
I think I might not do a damn thing today
- I have a niece named Brooklyn as well :) random.
-- He Stronger , Better Inside Scorer To The Rack All That , CP Got Better Handles & A Shot
"It's like I just found out you are a completely different person #justinbieberhater " and I are disgusted. <U+0001F61C>
Just noticed there are no shadows yet at Miller Park. A little perplexed by this.
Is this a "mobile" shopping device or just a "sit on the couch while watching hipster AMC or HBO drama" shopping device?
where are you getting this LCD info?
<U+201C>: real leadership is all about influence, and influence can only be achieved by listening.<U+201D> and serving too.
Haha, thanks again for being on with last month. Please stay in touch.
u just tweeted ur self and text me i think i told u during school
does this problem extend to other countries - Brazil: yes, still have boxes, based on jobs that exist
is your website down? trying to use the Cyber Monday deal for a new membership but form not going thru. Plz help!
someone tweet me(:
Who knew there were so many web designers, developers and talented people on Twitter? This is definitely the place to be. :)
and I wanna win a trip to cali and see ur first music vid!!!
What's up peabodies?
Sitting next to pretty much all of court during the AP Lit college board exam + the feeling of finishing and thinking I got a three! <U+0001F44D>
So Nice to take a time out & chit-chat with Jay McCarroll today.
Which puts him at 27 or 28. He SHOULD hit 40. He did it in Petco.
same price I ship for free
Actually, also likes me cus he knows I want to rub that big bald head of his.. ;-)
hah I will do my best. I don't think it's me. I think nature has a grudge.
somehow I'm wide awake this morning
You better be watching from your lucky chair!
Tweeps, what's new?
Took a date home way late, Her dad asked me to come inside. Said he had something for me. It was 2 black eyes & a broken nose
I have not seen you in FOREVER!! Hope you are well!! I would love to catch up!!!
These kids in I Know What You Did Last Summer have poor decision making skills.
Dad just left to virginia and washington dc for a couple of days again . ._.
I'm holding on to something that use to be there, hoping it will come bak but knowing it won't.
It's been a long week, but episode 2 is online. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
I'm really protective about my family.
So glad to hear it! We're creating a zinc/titanium formula that will be available this season. Stay tuned for updates!
Check out our partnership this month! get 5% of our sales on Wednesdays. Come in today!
newly admitted students for 2012-2013 would submit their housing applications in March/April 2012.
whats good fam... thanks for the support... lets get it
I WENT M.I.A BUT NOW IM BACK AGAIN
need more sleep!!
- I'm early. Enjoying the weather (& a lunchable) at city hall. See you in a bit!
Back in the studio after a nice trip to Dallas to see an old friend. Re-connected with Article One band while in the Dallas area also.
on repeat
I just finished meeting with He's one of the young guys I mentor. PTL for people like Adam who are eager to learn!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!
#Facebook outage?
Alayna Jo-anne .. My heart & soul I miss you so ..
The 49ers are going to be alright next season
me trying to make a gif = fail
Back from the Ho-Chunk Pow wow. Excellent weekend drafting resolutions,
Wow that is bad! Hope it clears up!
i see there are some very disrespectful motherfuckers on this trend!!!
agreed! She seemed to stick with the 80's theme (which I loved) but it seemed she was definitely trying too hard.
Just polished off leftovers -- mushroom, leek & tarragon stuffing, black truffle mash potato, & cajun turkey taste amazing the next day!
A 15 min power nap is in order
Now following >>>> #TeamFollowBack!
I love Louis <3 and I just wanted to say I love all my followers! Almost at 200 :) you're all amazing
Enjoyed time with and my Twitterless friend/manager Dave!
Brain dead tonight sorry.
heck yea!
Happy Easter! I hope it was great!
Im not even paying attention :p im so out of it!
You are a great entertainer, good vocab, sports knowledge sub-par, highly disappointed in how religious you are
Tomorrow's friday.
about time stranger :)
T1: Today's physician is very #mHealth savvy I think. I believe that most of them just need a little training on efficiency.
America Got Talent. Exhausting trip, long lines , anxiety . I love it! Try it?
I need something new. Same shit, different day.
now you are :)
Everybody and they mommas got new emojis except me /:
nice... Looks like u could use a hand or mouth
very nice bro
yep! Those repetitive warrior poses are a monster.
Brown putting Blake on Harden shows that nigga doesn't have a clue
Excited to see what PDX marketers have to show. Bring it.
Apparently Blake griffin us allowed to travel and hand check, Dante can't even look in Blake's direction.
No longer do poets pine away in solitude. Dreaming of a brighter tomorrow. TODAY they find each other, and we're all the better.
Meaning? RT Turnout in VA (~260,000) is miserable: 5.5% of registered voters, lowest of any VA GOP presidential primary ever.
Protect those elderly who have #worked all their life and paid for #entitlement cut off the able bodies that have yet to lift a hand!
4 reminders / day to use your camera. Shoot some 'still life' shots. Try up close and from different angles & vantage points. You got it!
were those caps implying a big IF
Tim is serving you and Z? I need a Tim
uh huh.
yes... that's a challenging one for sure... but well worth the effort!
Check out clothing for children with tactile sensitivity. Way to go #AlexMerlino !
What you doin in here, makin a big ass sandwich-n-shit
Do you work Sundays?
RT : like gramma said "purse first, ass last!" lol! < "A wet pussy and a dry purse makes no sense!" LMAOOO!!!!
Promote a service or produce with Google Places coupons.
All u need to know about NHL Playoffs, Coyotes were 42-40 in regular season, #lakings 40-42, yes I'm counting 'overtime losses' as losses...
heel cups sound dirty...
Thanks! Love you too
I'm just so in love with crazy Charlotte.
Yeah. I was supposed to take my mom shopping but she's sick so now I'm hoping my gma will take me and Brit somewhere today...
thx for that , it looks like good information
Did you know.. It takes over 20 individual steps to process many Oolong teas.
Keep Conan! www.imwithconan.com
You. Stupid.
Hey case how are you? hit your buddy up , ill be sure to call you when I make some more oxtails...
Weapon studios starting to look Nice fresh and clean
EVERYONE SHOULD GO CHECKOUT AND
20 minutes away from home
Idk why niggas talkin about Lebron, he is the reason the heat are even in the postseason.
Coughing up $65 bucks every four days at the pump is getting old.....fast!
Usually the loudest person in a room is the weakest
Never hated a player more than #ReggieMiller (Bulls fan) but much respect for him and congrats on #HOF induction
On the ground in Philly - YAY! Can't get home to my family fast enough!
sing and dance. You and alex can. Yall are good at that(;
Every time I see someone wearing those "barefoot" sport shoes in public, a part of me way deep down inside struggles to not vomit on itself.
Not a good day with people
McCarthy & our coaching staff, Clay, Jennings, Aaron... sending great updates from Hawaii.
Hey Arnold
yeah , switch it up and get more TREY SONGZ with it !
I do it all the time
Can't beat a day on the lake like that, momma.
<U+201C>: Waka Flocka, Ace Hood, Lil Scrappy, Kyle Lee, Shame Gutta & More at The Los Magnificos Car Show & Concert on Oct 30th in 210
hehehe. Glad to be of service.
Sing it out loud, if you like it like that;)
STOP TALKING LIKE THATY. I LOVE YOU ID BE SO UPSET WITHOUT YOU. STOP.
What a beautiful morning! I'm thankful we got to stay in MD to see the peak of the leaves changing, and that we'll escape the winter! :D
wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem
omg its like my life. The movie is really good too
Sam and Mercedes <3
By far the best thing about not having a boyfriend is being able to eat Gardetto's at will.
Patrick Stump's voice will always put me in a better mood.
Please explain connection between egg laying rabbits, jellybeans, & monotheism? BTW, don't lose track of hidden hardboiled eggs. still stinx
On Sept.19, Ottawa-born illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium.
just got ticked tf off
I always wanted to go to London.
Listening to Christmas carols while having an ice cold shower now that's what you call a winter wonder land :)
Great job mommy for finishing in 2 hours an 19 minutes on your first half marathon! Now I need to sleep #proud& tired
We are C level professionals available for interim CEO and CFO positions and turnaround management services in the healthcare industry.
Pole dancing class!! :-)
Thanks Ilja! I appreciate that very much.
omg we better dance a lot!! Haha I want us to dance all Mexican and stuff hahaha
I wish I had one. Although does it count that I pictured them as bowling pins and using the stroller to knock them down?
Oh the stress ... Big news coming ... <U+0001F613>
(1/2) We r staying in a very nasty motel. We r staying long enough 2 get a car and the ability 2 say all moving costs and fines 2 get us ...
CyFair College Branch Library will be closed Today. Will reopen for regular hours on Monday.
Everyday on twitter I see pics of girls in public completely naked when I realize these girls were all at alumni weekend at UMASS
Today's Special: BBQ Beef Tacos with slow roasted rib meat, tossed in a bbq and mustard sauce topped with our house slaw. Dig it.
never been to balt 4 a ravens game. that would be fun
THE catalina wine mixer
Literally just ordered about 100 dollars worth of sushi with
My weekend arts marathon continues. Today it's a matinee of "Radio Golf" Tonight it is "Hello Dolly" at
thunder outside!? I want some I've cream! should I go or no?
I doubt it will be close.
I love my kids so much that I agreed to turn the oven to 400 for 20 minutes. Yes, my love is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
Just found out that on the final episode of Oprah, she chops somebody's head off
we're paying!then you could sleep over after(;
#MilwaukeePolice confirm the suspicious pkg at 2nd & Wells, turned out to be a large electrical fuse someone dumped. Roads open
I need to wash
Doing a lot of job applications.
. Congrats on you dad's sweet new job! When does he start?
Oh my God, what an adorable treasury! That's hilarious.
THANK YOU to the 200+ friends who downloaded GOD OF WINE this weekend. I hope you enjoy it.
Boys and I are being flown out for private event in NYC 11-10...looking for a cool jazzy place sit in night before...Manhattan...any ideas?
My life now revolves around Saturday! Bring it
if you dont want to talk about, then dont post it on FACEBOOK. because poeple are gonna ask you whats wrong, and you know it.
HOMEWORK. I hate saying that because its almost the end of the year..
Cosign RT : YES
I need to login?
To Whom it may concern. If you are one of many who are already passing the trees around. . Hit da weed for me.
Come to our next outing and I'll buy your first drink, or appetizer for being #99. How's that?
"WHY DIDN'T I DRINK MORE WATER BEFORE BED"-something that sounds weird to moan out of context
: I ask myself.. The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom.. Has everyone forgotten? I doubt either candidate prays!
Help I have not been to a fast food join in over a week and have played basketball and went swimming almost everyday...
I guess I'll go to bed now
that's cool, I Iike twitter too :) Nice to meet you!
Recording the game, I knew when my cell was blowing up when we were down 12 with 5 min left in the 3rd that one of two things had happened:
Thanks for the follow!
I love it when you call me big poppa.
Join us this Saturday as we tailgate with Hoots to cheer on the against Tulsa! We get started at 4
Watching the #SuperBowl in Panama makes for interesting local
Hoping to go this time. Saw them on the Counterparts tour in the early 90's. Fantastic show!
What's even funnier is the longer I stand here and watch the more pissed off his girlfriend gets! Buahahah! Jealousy is a mother fukr! Lmao!
you can give money anytime!! they should be in by friday!
i hope you nor is not in that stat. i am pretty sure she is not. . .
I dont feel good<U+E40E>.
Remember when you followed me.? :D
I wondered idly if the restaurant I'm going to for dinner has a TV to show MNF - and then I thought about how bad B'more/JAX will be. N/m.
Yooo miss Connie
I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know that people make mistakes .
Playing some MW3! Fuck this game. I will soon have a video of me smashing MW3~
Road closure notice: Fayette St between President St & Central Ave will be closed Sun 9/19 from 7am to noon.
I actually have a much bigger idea. You in?
Happy bday !!! xo
Saw "The Artist" with at the Academy tonight. Brilliant. Jean Dujardin is amazing and very dashing. See this movie.
Hi Kyle, I typically follow whoever follows me. So if you 'follow' me then I'll receive the email to follow you back.
oh shit we got the raindrop!!!
I give it a 65% chance of happening.
"Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong." How true, Ha! Morning, Voodoo
shouldn't be spreading bad rumors Frank !!
it's so hot!! thank god I'm not at school or work placement today! :)
is smoking on the dance floor!!!! Wow!
Why do models always look pissed off in casting waiting rooms? And why is everyone so quiet?!
I'd better be on the list.
Q Cafe is now open! Don't forget to stop by this morning and grab some coffee and a vegan-friendly pastry!
Shut up and kiss me, don't need to tease me, you don't need to say no more.
Miss you!!
Top 5 shows?
Oh man am I loving Charlottesville 88.5 24-hour NPR talk. Never again shall I suffer through boring jazz while waiting for Fresh Air.
..."as if they were yours, Daddy."
"You're a talented writer. Why don't you do more with it," he questioned me. I smiled and shrugged.
Rebel America Inc. lands placement for Photography Web-Ad Series. Congrats to Songwriter Alicia Pavlis and thanks to Jim R. on the assist.
<U+201C>: you going to the match today?<U+201D> yes, are you?<U+201D> no supposed to go to Stl for Easter. have beers for me!
More police and media than protesters at
I Don't Like The Fact Of My Big Broo Gettin' Cool With All These Kennett Niggas .
Just saw a nice older couple sharing a couple mini milkshakes. :3 Daaawww moment.
We were looking forward to having you over. Sorry to hear about your flight issues.
Things are good, keeping busy! Had a quiet day at home together which was nice. How was your weekend?
JUST IN...White Sox convention will now be the Andrew Shaw Convention! Now people will show up!
Yes she pregnant...you'd be pregnant too if you didnt swallow yours.
Baking a cake 4 my b-day party! :) Vinyl shortbreads stuffed with melted CDs of my favourite bands! :) Yummy!!!!
couldn't have said it better myself.
Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your session! Should be fun!
RT : Examine the importance of new technology and fabrication techniques to create ornamental forms
Today is the birthday of the Mustang! Happy Birthday to Baby Stang, Lady, and Chewy!!
Big ? from Wireless Wellness session: how do we reach the 45% who aren't interested in personal or group health tracking?
A rare sack by the#Packers...Packers need a score on this drive with 7:48 left down 10
Super impressed with marketing/content strategy. Will attempt to do similar things with
I should be getting ready to go out but I simply can't put down the book "Fashion Babylon"!
Cool. Sounds Great . writing it on the schedule now .
Up in the Gym about ready to get these workouts done. How have you been? Give me a call later when you can
Making bracelets!
ill come after exit interviews
I hate when people act like children
Yes. Our listing manager sends it in our reports to our sellers. It's awesome!
Funnier still...He drove off both times.Individual is not raggedy.Clean clothes.Truck looks fairly new...
congrats! and welcome to the club =)
"Can I get drunk if I sit in a kiddie pool full of vodka in the sun for an hour?"
- thanks for the great #Disney tips! Wish we had met sooner, so we could have benefited more from your advice!
Any time! Hope you are all nice and healthy for our weekly #SDSU Farmer's Market date tomorrow!
RT we're going tomorrow!! We'll see you soon!!
Atticus losing....that's just sad. :( Hopefully someone will take that blue dragon down.
so it sounds like we're gonna have some fun on 10/27 :-) cc:
Lil b kills that verse
Mom finally let me on the computer!
"Always be joyful. Never stop praying. Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God<U+2019>s will for you..." - 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
and got some stuff from the store got back put it away got on my labtop and here i am!
unless its ugly anime then it hurts the brain and eyes. What anime are you watching?
We wrestle not against flesh & blood but against principalities, rulers of the darkness of this world, spiritual wickedness in high places.
Just texted you can only stay in the rain if your wearing a white t shirt. Yup I said that to a girl! would kill me if she could
Back in #newyork!!
u ready 4 football soon son?
The weather this morning was perfect. I love cool fronts.
Complimentary upgrade to first-class with your Sandals #honeymoon or #destinationwedding to Jamaica, Antigua, Saint Lucia, or the Bahamas.
Life can't bring you what you're worthy of till you stop settling for what's not worthy of you.
Interested to see how SAP integration works out. Been on SAP implementation project for 4 yrs now!
I think after a while you realize that you gotta just enjoy everyday like you have no more.
jump on the #fluentbus at #SXSW tonight hitting all the major parties for free drinks and a lift!
I'm literally so tired that I can't even do anything right now
I had so much fun with #udesign team at #swoc !!
You coming at my guy all wrong see.
hahah yup that's fopo for ya
I want to go paintballing.. Or whatever the action for paintball is.
Nicely done!
Speaking out against Sexual Violence today at LaSierra University in Riverside.
No, his position makes sense as an Evangelical (and is typical), I just don't agree with it
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar??? ...
#tdwg GEOlocate lightweight web application demo
Sure(: what must i do?
Go to hell
I'm inspired after listening to Laura Galvin talk about color therapy on Everyday Wisdom. How can you inspire your Spirit with color today?
jic I don't have internet for a while - I'm heading out to the Pacific to meditate, memorize the new play and share the demand for equality.
<U+201C>: Shoutout to all the freshmen who have 3 years left! #suckstosuck<U+201D> <U+0001F614>
Quote " be guided by your faith and not your fear. Put yourself out there! Be a difference maker. Be fearless and courageous. Randy Woo Woo<U+2026>
Marven! hey! remember me?! It's been a VERY long time since we've spoken! haven't been on b/c of school...how ru? : D
Didn't the last game start w/ a Thornton 3??
Whoa! Just read that you have scurvy, too! Possible epidemic?
yea i guess
Everyone likes Tebowing, but only a man can enjoy Roethlisbergering.
I just wanna go home.
Show TODAY at 3pm. Yesterday sold out! Get tix in advance and dont miss out on some funny improv comedy for al ages.
agreed, it is a sad thing.
thank heavens for podcasts on those long Wednesday commutes.
PLEASE Mommy?:) i love you
get on my level !!!!
Lets make it 16 straight, Sparty.
RT When i say 5 more minutes #whatimreallysaying fuck off and let me sleep!!!
Happy Meat Lover's Wednesday! You know the deal - 1 pound of meat for only $8.99 today!
#3WordsOfAdvice Life goes on .
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 21:34 with Nike+ GPS.
Join #campCharlie! We have liberated the space in front of the state house and we need you to help make this a beautiful productive space!
Made your reservations for Father's Day yet? We're giving each Dad a free Lowlands Brewing Company bier on that special day... Does that...
I want one.
RT q4) don't be afraid to fail and share 'lessons learned'
Why should you hire a General Contractor? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com - Additional Services and learn more Jan specials
Out of the arms of crazy, into the arms of crazier. I'm never going to learn.
you got work today?
write whatever you want or respond to what someone else wrote.
we've got that awesome Peanut Butter Smoothie dough! come get it, omnomnom :D
it's okay lol
lol yes that's right pastor has personally request DG
Having one of those moments where I feel like life is passing me by and I'm not doing anything to actively contribute.
We will be opening at noon today! Come by & see us!
hahahahha i didn't even know yewh sniped me!
I keep telling myself shit happens for a reason.
you're just figuring that out? Well, admitting you have a problem is the first step towards recovery.
have fun in SheBoy!
Our Spring showcase already has some of the best middle school and HS players in the country attending, including a 6'4 7th grader!!!
Getting lost in the music today.
THE WAY HOME ep Release Party tonight at The Legendary Dobbs, swing by for awesome music & very good people! At the game? Xfinity Live PBR!
As of about 12:21 last nite we are live again! Oh yeah...now to find what data is missing
I um... decided to get my GED. I fell behind on credits & it got to be too much. Plus they couldn''t keep me in (cont).
- Random Family by Adrian Nicole LeBlanc
Spring time in Tucson! Book all of your transportation needs with Integrity!
<U+201C>If you open up and awaken to the Creator within, your world is transformed.<U+201D>
Follow me on Instagram #Follow Back :)
Thank you! That would be awesome. Let me know how I can help
lets through it down.
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
Its too early for me so imma go sleep Good nite
I haven't been in the mood for new vids hun :(
Verified client's employee social security numbers the other day...guess who's was compromised? The owner! Someone is using it illegally!
Who would have thought that pink eye would be a cause for #accidentalinspiration ?
I'll be so happy to get back on a Mac. It's been a few years, and I miss having a computer do things I want it to without it throwing fits.
Private TEA cupping tonight! 1st flush Darjeelings 2011~ Now must pick my 6 favorite cups from 100.
I love her on Glee: Jane Lynch appearing at the Herbst Theatre this Sunday (11/20 <U+2013> 7pm)
u shouldn't be waiting on anyone, gorgeous one
and i love how freakin weird you are c:
Be a rebel...<3
where does cory wade fit into yankees bullpen/closer role?
Haha I guess you're right... :)
#truthis im handsome, sexy & cute
Ah gotcha! Looking forward to checking it out!
Oh no wtf please don't lose on freethrows
Love you girl!!!! Def missed you RT : So good to see today!
150 followers !!! yeaaaayaa! Your love is kind :) Thank You!
#WeWereCoolUntil you said you were not from Chihuahua ^_&
only love is all maroon
Id do anything to be a junior right now... one more year of highschool and trinity baseball
Spain to approve new financial reform
it's because yall were sheltered like house arrest criminals as kids!!!
Laughing at everyone with the black "t's" on their foreheads
I hate winter so so much it sucks.
Thanks for the RT on the job openings! Appreciate it.
#Packers have won 15 straight games going from last season & have never trailed in the 4th quarter.
Agree. Losing Maniscalco hurt them, but they should not have lost several close games to bottom-tier teams
you're not better yet?!
<U+201C>: people will ask you what your "made it" moment was. Remember!<U+201D> // I hope no one ever asks.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter, thought people followed you on what and how you tweet man
are any of us really qualified to work???
And.....we are camping ;)
i don't remember that last time i saw one. now i feel like i must find one and use it one last time. :)
20 #Soccer #Futbol matches tomorrow we will probably find one to take a sniper shot at.
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Any1 know any good songs to listen to on youtube
Hell yeah get san antonio next
great article on #vegastech... I hope all this happens, though I may have to leave for SF at this point
like i said... me and found a place you will LOVE. and it aint the den...
#ilookforward to seeing LE boyfriend Saturday <U+2764>
Perfect! I have received requests for orgs too. Looking forward to your post.
I changed it..im gonna dm it to you now..
Obama just said that he thinks same-sex couples should get married.
Blew dance auditions. :(
haha that's awesome, i need to start working out at your gym. that's prime people watching right there.
I dont like creepers that stare like hardcore stare, like wtf?
I can't envision Dark Shadows being any good since all the commercials for it are focused on Burton/Depps past work & not this film at all<U+2026>
and the other one.
You are ALL beautiful!
Your idea of a 7 course meal is a bucket of KFC and a sixpack.
Whoa Bom your dress is so short!
its hot!
What have you helped a child lately? Get involved. Getting children active includes: becoming aware of what motivates them.>>>>>MONEY?
Rise and shine.
- today was an embarrasment for the #BCEagles - downhill these last three years - time to
365 days until the birthday that really matters
Wow, the MITO design won a lot of awards and has a very high specification. It must be very agile and fun to drive.
OMMG MY BOSS IS SUCH A FUCKING BAAAAHHHHH. I ACTUALLY HATE HIM. WTF.
do you actually have Wumpus?!? Let's hook the 99/4a up to the conf room projector.
GOP leaders reportedly blaming Obama for failing to return to DC during this time of crisis
Today's been weirdly quiet, like all of southeastern Michigan has a collective Kid Rock hangover...oh wait. Yes.
Happy birthday !!! I love you and had so much fun celebrating with you! <U+0001F389><U+0001F388><U+0001F370><U+0001F381>
At the gym to start off the day. Good day
It was great meeting and singing for you today, sorry that I didn't get to meet too, glad your buttons work!
Did you know you're a want us
#Earthday tip number 1: Bring your own mug or reusable water bottle to work every day. You'll reduce waste and conserve resources!
Student research on drugs in Baltimore: "a container of earthenware, metal, etc., used for cooking, serving, and other purposes." I can't.
I am just tripping that I am actually going to be talking with Oprah Winfrey about my life. Too surreal. I have so many emotions right now.
OMG! Do you know who my dad is?!
ain't no real food just snacks , I want a meal with my fat ass
O'Neal's first three rebounds of the game gave him 12,358, enabling him to pass Paul Silas (12,357) for 16th place on the NBA's career list.
how is your dog?
Let's go racing! Here's to an amazing safe 2012 season!
Any Budget Printing reopens at 8:30am tomorrow after the great #sdblackout of 2011.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
I just like saying it. Hot spacho!!! RT : Retweet if you love the hot spacho
Yes I know many people who were raised in a denomination but now choose not to have any relp but they r still reverent
Seattle with my boys! Good to be home!
I'm going to try to finish this book tonight. Goodnight. maybe xD
awesome! She's walking the walk!
in my high school days I was real but neva to my grl:( if I culd rewind time and take it all bck I wuld
Looks like Twitter is starting to roll out the new interface to the less important tweeps. Welcome to the party, losers.
Water crackers, dinner mints, and don't forget the champagne cocktails!
what're you doin up at this hour!!
And there we go! $NASV in full on breakout mode! Broke that .0125 and .015 hitting now for 177% The market has only been open 8 minutes!!!!!
One day in the future the Orioles are going to have this ridiculous fielding 3B, and it's going to feel awesome.
May the 4th be with you! :)
Puppy power! And Brownie's head didn't explode on the call, either.
hahahaha! Yeah I do, sorry! It's just so good! One of my favorites for sure!
YES....BLOCKED FG!!!
JCI early table of contents for April 30, 2012
Reminded tonight how my dad impacted my life in such a great way! Hope to touch just a portion of the lives he did!
you will get a car one of these days ;)
I Want Chips ;
Just launched a twitter page for one of our clients, check it out ZBESTBBQ
Anyone having trouble with #Twitter interactions/mentions? I'm getting email alerts but nothing on Twitter.
Didn't know u de facebooked me as friends lol. I didn't know ppl still do that esp if they have no reason lol. Take care!!
anyone else tearing up over
Go ahead and follow me if you're not a porn troll. I'm ready to mark all 40 of these spam accounts
Great way to end 2011 with a W! RT : WBB earns first road win of the season, 69-60 MU moves to 9-5.
New lower cash tolls! Be sure to check out our new toll schedule:WWW.sbxthe125.com.
I need to move to Sweden
Just make sure it is you that bought it!
For some reason it feels so kewl tlking to u lmao
<U+201C>: Please wish a Happy Birthday today.. <U+201D> thank u all for the HBD wishes!
<U+201C>: School superintendents, follow a curated list of 401 other superintendents at /supts #suptchat<U+201D>
THERE IS SOMETHING SPECIAL ABOUT TIM TEBOW!
I like your style cinco de derby/derby de mayo is messing my game up
hey...r u a cardinal fan...just saw a tweet!
: somn I. Its this new phone guessing shit
Love to have you #Guacstar RT : When you visit Chicago.. Check out RT : it was from...
thank you for posting that 'ideas' section on your blog - gave me some good ideas to concentrate on.
Sore from what
@ laraalexandra what other sandwiches do they have?
Haha! Yeah, looks like it will be a bit longer for NFC to hit mainstream retail, but exciting opportunities for early adopters!
Take a break from this winter weather and snuggle up with a hot cup of Joe this afternoon.
Damn. You find out who your friends are.
When Chuck Norris had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors.
Dats wrong and Dats my friend ..of course imma say something ..they just needa stop..>:(
I wish I could go back in time to the first day I met you and walk right past you
I love to sing ...And I love the truth. So gospel writers combine the two. Read the word and rightly divide it, for the new songs.
Kind of asked for this one, I guess. I'll definitely take it. RT Laden Brooper
On average, women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are
If your windshield must be replaced, make sure your installer is certified by the National Glass Association
It's clever, tho background distracts a bit from logo. Maybe chef's hat should go on straight or O as mouth? ;-) Nice job!
Check out our Facebook page! We took the plunge and got Timeline! Hope you like our cover photo!
Almost Over...
hold in alot inside lately i hate for a nikka to feel this raft shit aint goin to b pretty, im tring to just meditate so no case get caught
Me and Becky need some shots any takers?
Now we're talkin! So what kinds of beer did you win? I can't believe you got the grand prize!!
Best CAA moment so far: in panel on int'l copyright issues, Q to CAA's lawyer, "Can you describe the CAA's position on free speech?" REALLY.
Believe it or not, Steve Blake +1st round draft pick is better for the long term than Jamal Crawford.
This could be the absolute worst idea I've ever heard related to music. It should be illegal for them to use that name.
At the Rascal Flatts concert...think Hootie might really miss his Blowfish!
I can't say enough great things about car wash. The customer service is amazing and I'm in n out in 3 minutes.
I Fell In Love With Jerkin Music... Because Of And
True dat! RT : The high cost of living is often just the cost of high living. We don't need as much as we think we do.
I know your objections to dropbox, but I feel much the say way about it.
Thanks! We appreciate the kind words! Should have some new stuff for you in a few months...
what happend to you bro? :o
RT - I don't want SOME data if I don't know it's GOOD data. [Lesson of the month]
HI, Sara Morell!
Man, you need to squash his thoughts on that...lol
Must follow Amazing n funny
ha - if Hamels got hit with a 50-day suspension from testing who would be shocked?
Bitch I'm me!
the sooner, the better. Preferably during commercials.
youre so inspirational please follow or shoutout im in love <3
I missed u too but I heard the laughter thru the wall so knew it was u!
Next Houston show coming May 27th, more details coming soon!
This summer. Eat, workout, work. Repeat.
studying, cleaning, and listening to kevin hart.
Happy Birthday I love you Sis <33
watching Hangover with yeah buddy!!!!
#ImSorryThat the way I dress doesn't live up to your standards, but #RealityCheck I don't live to please you.
#MyMomWouldabeatMyAssIf I didn't graduate this year
oh okay ! i thought something was wrong !
"Oh my gosh, you got a haircut?!" "Oh really? I never noticed."
Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with Mc Dru & dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
watching the fights this weekend?
COAST 2 COAST
Female Farmworkers Abuse: Migrant Workers Commonly Suffer Sexual Assault And Harassment, Human Rights Group Says: FRESNO, Calif. (AP)...
I love the robot!
Well if they do that every single day, yes that must be very boring and useless but I don't talk bout everything at school so x
The first person IRL to welcome me at Tweetup. Thank You and what have you done? ;)
UFC in the great state of Florida. You know that is a great fit!!!
is that you in your icon?
Bee Media Acquires Digital Media Technology Co Adcentricity - Private Equity Hub (press release)
lol so I can watch it later
Crew Tour AZ is a wrap!!!!
Have a Small Business that needs an Advertising plan that is designed specially for your Business? Send me a message...
I don't know. What's that?
Why do you look so sad and forsaken don't you know when one door is closed many more is open
I've developed an obsession with those WoodWick candles that make crackly noises like a campfire...helps me write.
yes! I called it..so I gotta be the God-father!! Congrats sahn, I'm happy for you! <U+263A>
How can the American people pick themselves up by their bootstraps if they cut them off and steal them? We need Change
Any suggestions?
there you go! Good win boys!
LOL! Thanks the gods my sense of smell is shot.
We were just jamming out to an oldie but goodie, and wondering how many songs do you think the average person has memorized?
Had a great burger at Fergie's Pub with after shooting the video blog for
Everyone getting to act like they're Irish on St. Pat's is made a bit less offensive to me by everyone getting to act like a Wasp on Easter.
When is assault not aggravated
GreenDoor at Edenglen grand opening this Saturday at 10am! New Designs for Modern Living in Ontario! Check out homes in the low $300,000s!
Watch out! might be on you. RT : Lmao, people still make diss-tracks? Play in traffic, booboo ass.
Batum says "NOT IN OUR HOUSE"
your right. So sad
Agnes been mad hype for the past 3 hours..keeping me from my damn nap -___-
don't criticize what you don't understand <U+2764>
are you ready for the Matinee and A Star in the Sky? More info coming soon
Any model in Chicago want to do a two outfit shoot on Thursday for a discount of $150.00? Contact me!!
we think you are the Bee's Knee's! Midnight in Wilmington is going to be a humdinger of a good time!
you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need <U+0001F618>
Take up reading. Never a dull moment. And if there is, just start another book. It's a no fail option!
this weekend im gonna drink my self silly #imSickofSTUFF !
Hope we can be a part of all of this!
Latino Film Festival opens this thurs. and Mexican actor Jorge Salinas will be presenting the film GB Magazine featured La Otra Familia.
Great to be following you now Aaron.
It's fascinating reading, but many of the journal articles are quite old (1920s-60s). Still, I love reading about old customs.
I had this weird dream last night that Baylor beat OU.....oh wait
why y'all conversatin bout me?
Necessity! Thou mother of the world.
no scared kids?
soon I hope! Yeah, I'm in Chicago starting Thursday, bummed to miss you guys!
Lunchtime reading: the beginning copyright reclamation suits. 2013 will be the 1st year that the 1978 law allows reclamation of rights....
maybe my computer has a problem so im going to a play im EXCITED!!
I'm sorry I laughed at this a little bit...only because I feel your pain, completely.
*dies laughing* RT RT INSTANT CLASSIC. Romney on comments on Rev. Wright: "I stand by what I said, whatever it was."
silly ! <3 ready for tomorrow ?
Confirmed via Ron Artest interview: he's still crazy, 'World Peace' is ironic.
Cali Swag District's M-Bone Remembered By New Boyz
Last day to vote for Heinemann's favorites - to appear on the menu at the Pfister Cafe. Vote: www.thepfisterhotel.com
It's Toddler Tuesday at the Launch Zone til 2:30 today. Join us for Prehistoric Adventures!
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time. -Andr Gide.
Oh you're a Willy Wonka account too? Funny, so are the other fifteen Wonka accounts.
Colorado GOP declares Rick Santorum winner---
I gave several free walks this week and I liked it!
i wanna see jackass 3d so bad!
And we've got a group from Horton's Kids here too. They are having so much fun. It's adorable!
All the people i FW. are Seniors & Juniors , but now they in college or about to graduate :/
Are there still people that don't believe in Global Warming Now?
Please follow me!
Saturday - 4/2/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
NY one last Dec. had disappointing turnout.
fuck was D. Wade on
ha. i just saw that we're having the same problem. must be something in the air... :)
Very tough loss for #RedSox this afternoon at Fenway as Bard has another outing where he cannot seem to find the plate. Jays win 5-4.
Order dinner tonight! We deliver! We are on
#np 'Dog days are over' Florence + The Machine
I wish I could just drop everything and not care. But I can't. <U+E40E>
Come Visit your Favorite Mexican (ME) for Cinco De Mayo!! I'll be at ALW all day! xoxo,B
Just went to and though they say they close @ 3 am we were denied service at 2:45 am...um then why say u close @ 3???
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of that. just tell me how it is from the beginning.
If I can make another one then sure :)
Keep it going !!
you go see it and tell me what you thought <U+0001F609>
because Racine Horlick won a contest for a private concert
Ron Paul will be on tomorrow night. This will probably be the best "debate" we'll see in the next year.
Good morning fans! Got your iPod cranked today?! What's on the playlist?
I will take the guys out for lunch and a few drinks
George Zimmerman should of been charged in the first Degree. His intent was to kill. #Truth R.I.P
Shiznit! The temp went up by 15 degrees in the last two hours. Hot and humid now, boo 8(
Keep fighting <U+2026> Derrick Bell was a genius - nothing to be ashamed of supporting him.
Wade buddy, you are NOT a 3 pt shooter !
what a brilliant thing to say...
I can post it or if u DM ur email address I'll send it to ya!
Lots of great volunteers in our office today to help prepare a mailing. So great to have our office hustling and bustling again!
Member Appreciation Day begins at 9. All DC throught Tier 2 flowers are discounted!!
Sex sex sex....do I have your attention, good cuz I was jus bullshittin
I actually might have a party this year for my birthday lol. the planning so far isn't bad
" Allow yourself to be inspired. Allow yourself to succeed. Dare to excel. "
Buuuuuuuuub:):)! Hey you:)! When am I gonna see you and June again:(?
Watching Dollhouse for 1st time. The fight scene between you and Ballard was freakin awesome! One of the best I've seen.
....our house..I would come see it like everyday to see what was done that day..lol its exciting;) I'm glad to hear all is well!!!!
thanks Brad. We'll get on it. All the Hillbilly's?
"I am healed from sin." (I Peter 2:24) #thatswhatHEsaid tonight
T2 But the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
I love the anchorman
Bring the parents! RT : if I could talk my parents into it I would!
Anyone out there having problems with Verizon Wireless air cards?
if someone would create a generic Holiday channel on Pandora, I would be much obliged.
Clippers will keep taking those turnovers if you're just gonna hand 'em to us.
The heavenly Maine coast !
Had interviews today after school, I hope I made it...I found out on Monday :3
I've been trying to avoid putting games on my phone, but too many people have been asking me to get Draw Something... I'll cave.
Hey sweetie its friday
I think I was lucky 2 meet folks at the #crownplaza. nice to meet you and give yall directions to your conference ;o)
All Night Express d. Naptown Dragons when Titus pins Lee after the One Night Stand.
I'm an auntie again! Welcome to the world little girl.
Ha! Yeah. That's where I've been with the Yanks/TB series too. What else can we do... Go Yanks, beat TB!
Thanks! Oprah is amazing!
i can't "analyze" a quote to save my fucking life
The NEH favicon is now live -- thanks.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson I love BooBear because its obvious he loves the boys so much! :)
that's a lovely new profile picture. You look adorably trapped.
See you in Columbia, restaurant recs welcome!
Seidio Innocase Extended Rugged Hybrid Case & Holster for HTC EVO (Black) better than the otterbox defender
yea it is realy good
16 gigs of ram, 2 tb hd...i7 processor...sounds like a winner...I think im choosing this over the shitty mpb
"One mans trash is another mans treasure" ; )
I don't even recognize that uber organized room. Where did that come from?
It really made me laugh. A few times. I am looking forward to the novel!
why would they send a scout if it isn't an option... they could use an arm... any arm!
Weekend cheers to all! RT #FF Thanks for the RTs this week! (via )
im late but uummm yes that is exactly what makes it polite!!
but you'd love to see Petrino on sidelines at commonwealth
whats it all about?
Thanks! Hope you are well!
Word to the wise. Do not live a block away from Wendy's.
If the CDC policy on H1N1 gives us a preview of government run health care, then I officially withdrawal my support.
how bout you charge yo phone, "nigga". ;)
if you don't know, you should visit for their wide selection of historic cocktail books!
bet that image throw back a few 4 ya....... #drink&my2step
I'm excited for the NFL draft tomorrow..until the Browns somehow fuck it up then I'll be pissed
Don't forget to make your appointments for next week - with Halloween coming up we are filling up fast!
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Yes I am!! :) Thanks for being awesome!!
I just try to help!
I got you !
Sporting CLUB merchandise doesn't have to go through league vendors or approval. Look for a lot if LIVEStrong merch there as well..
for dinner great new spot!
New song coming soon from F&A
good afternoon. are we still on for later?
someone should still come over tomorrow though......
Love the sounds I'm hearing now - Come see for yourself!
jeez, really! what were you thinking?
i'm a french rapper and you're a french woman okay we ARE FRENCH let's go next
And valpo lays 19 point beating on butler. Good win.
OMG YOURE THE ONE WEARING THE WHITE T-SHIRT???!!!!
And don't got sayin you want out of the racket...that makes people paranoid that ya gonna start chit chattin to somebody in a govt office..
So is basically my hero :)
yes. my coworkers said it might be firewall, or people watching marchmadness slowing down our wifi :(
The world looks so much better when leaves are on trees.
'Twas a joke! Rest assured, I'm an equal opportunity PDA hater.
These pussy fights on Facebook <<<<
6:10 call time is making me all sorts of tired
This should've been the rule for your digital camera, miss sunburned ass.
Got my prom dress :))
North America Switch Market Review - TTI MarketEye (blog)
Thought the wind would blow my car off the road on the way home tonight.
I think we can do better. :-p
Essentially: "Well, these chicks were sending me nude pics. It would be rude not to send one back!" A true gentleman's junk pic policy.
so very sleepy today!
Diet tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal. It'll take the edge off your appetite, and you'll eat less.
thanks gee <3
homeguuurrll take me to arlington so I can find James Franco c; lolol
Randy Wells is trending and Derrick Rose is not.
Oxnard Wedding Receptions, Business Meetings Take on New Look at Residence Inn
wow cool. Saw him once & just couldn't believe how many hits that guy has written. Eye opening when you hear them all together
Kristina kosogorova idk who she is I just saw her in the pageant an thought she looked just like you ha
Me: "Im over him. Im over him. Im over<U+2026>" *see him out of the corner of my eye and hear his voice, talking to someone else* "-Nevermind -__-"
good idea.
i will
Check out: Rebeca Tomas (flamenco) @ Theater 80 or free show at Judson Church both tonight @ 8 pm in Manhattan
Oh gosh I got my mom al into emojis.
We'll be there til 10 (and who knows...maybe we'll head out afterwards haha)
who knows... he signed an extension this year, so he's contracted for 3 more years. they'll compete to be the starter?
What's up with utility people and small shirts. Nobody wants to see your hairy back, or your hairy crack.
i'm so tired
I just slept so hard - 11 hours or so.
Lowes lumber yard guy to minivan mom: "Pull your rig around here." Now I feel like a bosslady.
Just found out that a coworker I barely know is in love with me from afar. Not sure what to do with that, for a lot of reasons.
We hope you decided to go with the White Elephant. ;) RT : Save the $5 or spend it on a White Elephant from ?
I got to live for Morgan after today I'm done playing he gone feel me in some months u and yo hoe sending dis pic we put b blessed
How can i respond to "dw" , im obviously gonna worry..
Country Music is the best!
happy birthday <3
Sorry to include you on the tweet -- just saw that you retweeted it. if anything, thanks for the head's up.
I like that one because of the images of families frolicking in the sun to an upbeat tune about drug abuse.
:D RT : hey thank ya guys!
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 34
congrats. Send link!
its 6:30 already? it's so light out, it seems like its 5 or earlier... ah
You guys unfairly charged us again! My goodness! No one can ever insult your consistency, can they?
yes mam i do
sure! we're actually not far from you, just outside of Philly. Are you involved in any events in the area?
Do you know where your missions tithe went?
next time we go all the way to the lake place!
hi david! was just at margaritas in framingham. had a great skinny margarita. ;)
I honestly don't know how I bag groceries for seven hours a day
what song is that?!(:
Is it normal to feel pain in dreams...that was a dream right?! Lol google the definition of bee stings in dreams
Totally your imagination. It actually seems a bit late to me this year. I figure early May as the timing.
Happy birthday and halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get wasted
yeah comin to see the fam and everyone i can until wed. but how have u been?
24 hour fitness won't stop calling me -_____-
First show underway. next shows at 9:30,&11:30 From The Tom Joyner Morning Show &
turned 38 today and i still can't grow a beard.. attempted one for start of Bruins playoffs & i was called B. Farve
Six flags today (:
ms foxy
Home please. :/
To be fair to myself, my choices were that, "Breaking Dawn," and Suzanne Somers's "Sexy Forever Recipe Bible."
My daughter told me I need to stop "obsessing" over , but I can't help it. He really is the gift that keeps on giving. #DUH!
I need to start looking for a small bike.
I think it should be an automatic card for any player who makes a card gesture at the ref suggesting that his opponent should be booked
Finally in my bed! <U+0001F60D><U+0001F60C>
if its true its stupid
This famous male pole dance instructor is coming to town, I'm gonna take a class only b.c. he and this other girl are the best ever.
Looking to do some design collaborations! Anyone down?
We'll be sharing specials this afternoon too so be sure to give us a follow!
Cloudy morning, ah let it rain.
Did you know that the Redskins are changing their name because it's offensive? Their new name: Washingon REXskins!
A real man doesn't want a woman that has no future goals
thank you:D
So we clear...#lakernation will fall Tonight (Bernie mac voice )
Cannot believe I missed that one, almost added M.C. Hammer's Rap from the Adams Family
I was disappointed it was one of the Digital Campus pieces they paywalled -- & will be republishing it under CC-BY in 29 days.
wanted to point out the typo so you could fix it: book not boot??
I need this to be over
On the plane to Aruba. Beasley and Boca Mike are in my general area. Somehow I feel like Beasley + Boca Mike = , right? Make sense?
My left arm is literally throbbing fromm anthrax vaccine today. WTF
Good Luck!
yeah i know about ms streams... I fux with her.. we tryna get her in Pumps and punchlines also!!
alright in school.
Real eyes , real lies , realize .
Ah, they'll probably just replace him with some guy who's better. RT
Red pepper flake to the eye. Win!
Great to see ringside! #boxing -ms
Anybody want any suggestions on some tv series to watch online? I watch quite a few ranging from anime to sitcoms to competitions :)
Trailer Park Girl Hoodie
ann thats the wrong usage of the word their/there epic fail
Progressive #Democrat in Virginia? Live in the 7th District? make sure to follow , candidate for Congress!
just finished their simply amazing set here at
Can't wait!! <U+201C> is on fire! "By The Bar", "Burn" and "Amen" #May7Dreamchasers<U+201D>
Been looking for my navy tank-top for the past half an hour amidst my dorm room packing chaos... I'm wearing my navy tank top-_-
muahahahaha oh yes ;)
hahah! This must be some sorta Freaky Friday fashion swap.
no, we had to do some filming today but I don't feel good. I have womanly problems.
Hi Laura & team - how much would a dozen of your leap day frog cupcakes be? Any ready-made or can I pick the flavor(s)?
4 meetings, 5 lines of code -- but only because I forgot to show up for my last meeting.
who you talking bout?
Troy should definitely solidify his future and enroll in air conditioner repair school. I watch too much
My world ends when i forget mine:s : Cool forgot my Chapstick -.-
You got that right! Going to spring training?
haha. Saw that. Was wondering if that was a random act of kindness from a visitor.
Q3: Reflecting is great for a blog post or journal. Then get them to share.
#IDidntTextYouBack because you take too long to reply! Smh..
MSG was rockin last night. LA could not stop the #Linsanity !!!!!
What do you think your mascot<U+2019>s favorite candy is on Halloween?
MUCH LUV 2 VIP IT"S POP N 2NITE @ RAIN E40 N DA HOUSE & NWC WILL B THERE NODOUBT KEEP N IT REAL 4 VIP @ AZ WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Pa
RT : The tipping point, critical mass...looks like we are about to reach it.
damn i feel bad for d.rose
Does your garage or basement need a clutter master to take charge? Call BCI to the rescue. We have just what the doctor ordered.
So bummed, my Bravo channel was out!!!!!!! Thank God for the internet......LOL
Prof. Jeanine Turner will be talking on Communications Theories in the Car Barn 311.. great preparation for new CCTers!
uh huh uh huh Josh deFINE. and his brother. omg.
You are a sexy sexy sexy sexy lady. If you come to my next show, I will play a song just for you. Only the best for the best.
UM NO
The current episode of Bones is not playing. : (
Great show tonight...hope you made it out, and happy you liked the show this week!
u do the same.
Live and delicious - tonight at , Clarke, Saleh, Napier. Who on earth would miss this?
Green Lantern had enough will power to make giant green fly swatters. I don't have enough will power to stop looking out the window!
only if you take one of mine! Wear something cute :)
wow... nice choice of words lol xD
Can't disagree with that. Good for the sport here, though. 20 years ago, would an American even be in the top 500 in the world?
Hi there (: lol
2011 is definitely starting out right! Growth and more growth for Oklahoma Home Repair! Come see us at www.oklahomahomerepair.com today!
So many pretty little pieces of colored glass to cut and solder!
Had a long and tiring week and all I can do is wake up at 5:47 on a Saturday.
Yooo Los went in on the marvin's room freestyle
Fuck a bitch in a peacoat (;
R Twonderful Re-tweeters.
Development requires the removal of major sources of unfreedom. - Amartya Sen
I hate when stupid people drive. Who gives them licences?
Consider Vibram FiveFingers. I just got a pair last weekend and they're incredible. I don't wear traditional sneakers now.
Get ready AAM. Dropping #museumbingo button making and Drawing Club on you tomorrow.
Front Desk Monday: It's not everyday you get asked "Where can I buy an oosik knife?" Sent the questioner off to the Avenue of the Tchotkes.
Perm Position - 75k - 95k - Marketing Database Analyst - client service-oriented with a strong combination of analytic and programming capa<U+2026>
right... fake picks...
It's gonna go down hill from here and I'm gonna love it <U+0001F44D>
You're so smart! :)
So new song is absolutely fucking amazing. I can't stop listening.
Happy New Year!!!
Holy shit that cop car scared me.
of all your life achievements, making the cut is the least impressive. Making this cut is on-par with hitting 2 green lights.
I just watched my 6 Yr stepson play soccer. He is really good at dancing on the field. But kicking...
Excited to see at the
Shopping is so much more fun when you have money, so is stealing.
Ohh Yeah ? Star Huh? You Can Call Me Darius.
I'm becoming a real bitch *kanye shrug* oh well ;)
Bus discussions about #p90x are getting me pumped for core synergistics tonight!
Someone invite me to pinterest..bet with my wife
Watch it mister! :P
Haha! Exactly! Phoenix can remain safe for tonight. L0L! Well at least from our powers.
#Forever Living Products get results!!!
RT : Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
RT : So tired during school but never at this time! Why..
What does it mean when someone tells you they are "frightening in love with you?" ::eyebrow raised::
i wish i could get some one to talk to or more followers lol
whatever. I gave a shout out to
lol. Did you spend like $20 there?
Don't forget to pick up books on blogging from your public library!
My mom just sent me a text that said "Save a horse, ride a pony ;)" ohmy! i love her :P
Frank called wanting help with his computer
I miss the Texas thunderstorms! :(
Listening to podcast on the secret service scandal. "I think he should be fired for stupidity." - Good job!
#bronchitis on a beautiful summer day off from work! I could scream -- wait..I don't have a voice!
Oh, sounds like a blast! I'm doing well :) been producing events & directing shoots lately...fun, for the most part. Haha.
Yo, were playing at 6:25 on the piggly wiggly stage. See everybody there<3
When the sun makes love to the mood that's when u will see me lol
I strongly dislike applications that do not close when you click the X. Respect the X.
What a fantastic day on Lk. WA with the boyfriend.
thanks for the reassurence as it boosts my faith to ME. I haven't received a victory nor commendation pack so just making sure..
#Packers have taken QB B.J. Coleman of Tennessee-Chattanooga with final second-round pick.
This game will be decided by Penalty Kicks! Come on Bulls!
Playing tonight at Cactus Club in Milwaukee! Come on out! We'll have CDs for sale.
Think you're next up? Submit your music video and short bio to
Real Housewive Alex McCord will be at the opening of the new store Second Time Around(823 W. Armitage) on Aug. 26th from 6 - 8 p.m.
lol glad you love me then :)
Very powerful statement by a caller - "If there was blood at the scene, I'm sure it was orange."
stuck in a conference- any chance you have any copies of The Knack's RSD release? Thinking of slipping away to grab one.
Out to dinner with the in-laws. Just checked the #Blackhawks - #Kings game....is that score for real or did I have one too many cocktails?
Research paper?!!! Haven't even started...
I have to get it out of my other phone, but I'll text you with my new number today <3
i work tomorrow!
The pleasure was mine. It was an awesome article... thanks for sharing your expertise!
I'm putting each broke end into a larger tube and clamping&taping the larger tube ends to hold it together
The Destination Disney Channel !
the part that's upsetting to me is that these ideas come from people and orgs that indulge in fearmongering.
Been a busy last few days, folks. Gonna rattle off some NFL draft thoughts now...
just got engaged to adam west tho
#WhyILoveMuseums Because they have given me insight, beauty, history and sometimes goosebumps.
Isn't having an "All-Star" edition of "Dancing with the Stars" a bit redundant? Or...wait for it...an oxymoron?
exactly so. (But you said it.)
#Home #safety #tip: Warn children never to tell strangers about your vacation plans
BTW, in case you didn't see earlier tweet, May 3-9 specials are: Vermicelli Salad, Cashew stirfry, Shrimp Tacos. Love ya, JCB!
You definitely should. A lot of energetic & progressive Black women out here b/w Spelman,Emory, & GSU...
Happy New Years!! Hope 2011 was great! What's a goal you're setting for 2012? Mine: Create great music, good laughs, & moments to remember!
if we have at least 15 ppl, then it's like $4 per person. Last tweet up wasn't quite free either.
We'll be posting details of a special discount offer early tomorrow so check back!
what is the issue you are seeing?
Off to Seattle! Haven't settled on the next job, have some good offers
Let's see a 4 way playoff!
My most frequently contacted contacts in my phone. My husband and Hopworks Brewery. That is normal right?
Thank you what's the word....
smh ppl. wild'n out these days , dgaf .
Boom. Sweet.
Take a hint please.
welcome to yoga RT : Just done yoga for the first time
I got my own gig and they were like BEEP BEEP BEEP because my alarm went off
Lawyers have a dangerous job in Iran.
I couldn't I was doing jury duty .-.
Lawyers need to see the possibility of selling legal services ethically. Selling is persuasion, persistence, competitiviness, organization
TONIGHT on SINGLE CHEF - Mom's Swedish Meatballs. I'm using Mom's quick & tasty recipe & going Vegetarian for a change! www.theroomlive.com
On this beautiful day I get to go work on my day off. This better be worth it!
I am that. You are that. We are that. That is us.
Sexual fantasies are healthy, occurring most often in people showing the fewest sexual problems and least sexual dissatisfaction. (Leiten...
I'm so consistent with my 0 followers
Wisconsin state elections board orders recall of Gov. Scott Walker #wisrecall, #wirecall, #walker,
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
Two Boots pizza is coming to DTLA!
Lol Oh the sarcasm, although then we could hang out all the time
Happy birthday, John. You were taken from us much too soon.
1. Compared to #MLA12, #Sibos is much more diverse with true global representation. Bigger travel budgets in banking, I gather.
RT : The new Humble Indie Bundle is out, and it has Botanicula! Get it! Go!
it's me!
SECCA will be rockin' to the tunes of DJ Marley Carroll on April 27 during the opening of 2 new exhibitions! Starts at 7 pm. FREE
#ICANN "Defensive Applications" panel for #newtlds is really about "offensive" applications to prevent legitimate competition
I don't strive to write a bestseller but I'd love to be the author of a cult classic.
Yeah!!!!!! Now what? College basketball is over!!!
Sen. Webb is a great Virginian. Thanks to those asking me to run for his seat. I promise I will look into it closely.
ADD/ADHD treatment is often done by a team approach of medical practitioners and counselors.
But to live outside the law, you must be honest / (-- you know who)
RT like logic that Eagles won't take Cox b/c they've been connected to him >>> Clearly not scientific. Call it strong gut feeling.
live life with no regrets
": haha. Shh. I had to test it for you two :)" silly.. well when is our turn
eh, i don't think the rate hike is that awful, but i love a lot of the weird, not so well known movies that are instant :)
it is amazing how many people are still awake ha:)
Wiping the slate clean for 2012. What inspires you?
God Bless The Jonas Brothers is trending. Ah, I remember when I was an 8 year old crazed fan #Memories <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
My Night Doe ! Lol
How's the mask doing?!
cool let's go
#abbeyroad medley, rain, and cold toes. #oncetherewasaway to get back home.
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Spongebob squarepants! Who died of an oil spill cause of BP? Spongebob squarepants!
that's what she said!
My mom wants to watch The Avengers, no lie this will be the third time!
There's a 90 degree day in the 7-day forecast. In 2011, PDX didn't see 90 degrees until August 20th!
I'm never gonna let this down just so you know lmao
Kennedy asks whether #SB1070 allows detention "if it takes 2 weeks" to determine imm status.
I am new to it also
Come to Ute Pass Library today for teen bookclub @ 4.
RIP Donna Summer. Your legend lives on.
#FridayReads -Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin, Erik Larsson So far, less cerebral than his usual fare.
Yay for words! And dinosaurs!
August is here and we've got some HOT deals just for you! We'll be announcing them tomorrow. Check back & be the first to know!!!
I wanna go home! Im so tired
Yes. Versus having to limit the way in which a thing can be created, I prefer starting from scratch. I'm full on TV dinners.
Purchasing Managers <U+2013> Are You Interested in a Career As a ...
Way to freaking hot.
I miss you guys.
We have 680 students from more than 60 countries. They need to see themselves in the books in our libraries and classrooms.
wow. She must be awesome.
<U+201C>: Saw you on the tour & Love your music & style! Follow please? :)<U+201D> UR so sweet! Thanks so much!
"Remember to wash your berries before eating, and fly toward the sun.
Our website is a totally FREE service for groups and friends to exercise socially in friendly competition. FREE, i.e., better than not-free.
Sure you did xD
:-) thats great! I study at home myself :-D
64 degrees. sunny. light breeze. perfect weather.
No, but I have a few that make you not care.
Change your AVI (profile picture).
geeze! That sucks!
--to say that to someone, yeah, i'm in law classes bitch.
10th year at #SXSW! Love the vibe & meeting our great customers. Hit us for CD duplication & custom t-shirts!! It's what we do.
Going to city walk rite now and tomorrow I really want to come I love u guys!
Snowflakes. Finally. Well.... Barely.
Burgandy is the NEW black for the Grammy's. Now on GMA. So glad I didn't miss that.!
cost me several hours of sleep last night. Much too interesting.
I heard that and are having a baby in August and that amazing news to me
Looking forward to getting tipsy with the Dutch boyz
of course babe (;
we should put a poll up see which home games. But tell people to only vote if they can actually make it, not just want to
Ray Allen'S momma is so cute and so proud
u all here
Never to early. Champagne is the way to start.
headed out to San Tan Wheelie Jam! Chip and Alicia, you there?
Merry Christmas my queen
Sadly, DeCarava's work is falling into obscurity because estate is overly protective, won't authorize reproductions
rather, i'm going to the pool with my dad during winter to look at a guitar.
Agree with everything! "not everyone has a Smartphone" + "Smartphone ecosystems don't care about RCSe" = False Start
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 2~~ 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching. 4.Listen to music. 5.Read a poem.
And free wifi, while we're at it
Derek freeman?
Working on some layouts, designing, and coding like a mad-dog.
Finally lebron shaved his jesus beard
UPDATE 1-Protesters voice anger outside BofA annual meeting
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLEASE!!! I FOLLOWED YOUR SISTER!! (':
I hate liars
goodnight sausage links :D
Hate to admit, but always have been a fan of Cody Ross....
Listen and Download to our new track that just dropped!!
you're not married? :)
I hear some1 is playing RascalFlatts out on the Parkin lot, and I LOVE IT :D
yea I'm defense gone do something
well i just got a call my sister is in surgery but that means she has a chance so i am happy
i luv this saying... it makes me feel really smart
aww we ain't even got to catch each other, I'll come to where you at! Lol <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
Ended this busy day with a trip to ihop with the bestie.
Well, I started with a marketing-like (or philosophical?) statement about the liberal arts, and have quickly realized that's bad.[+]
Now I remember why I went back to school! To write poetry when I should be writing essays!
Birds have gizzards which use muscles and small stones they eat to grind their food up.
JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY
boo ! <U+0001F44E> lol what are you doing ?
gets a shout out from JG. nice work Data Officer
Wow. Thanks for both the first article and the longer one it linked to - news to me. O.O
can you recommend a Korean BBQ? I've been dying to try!
getting my finger pricked at the doctors= pain and a lot of going ow
Nickelback, Clear Channel and Live Nation Entertainment Offer a Chance of a Lifetime to Play <U+201C>Blackjack With ...
Awesome event last night put on by Thank you for your inspiring words and performance.
We'd love to see pictures. Hope you enjoy a wonder-fuller life with your new Fatboys!
<U+201C>Remember that the best #relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.<U+201D>
i'm a boss, what can i say.
Moving to my own place Milwaukee. I'd never move back to Madison if I could help it. Not that I don't love my friends like you!
Awww thanks Fred!
Sis's boyfriend going army soon, take care yeah (: Next time I'll be seeing him, BALD hiakhiakk.
Happy 1900th tweet! RT : rihanna nude
Happy Birthday !!! Let's get a win tonight and then celebrate in Vegas!!!
Go follow my best friend She's badass!
YOU'RE WELCOME<U+0001F60A>
Ha. "Failing Informatively" with Katniss Everdeen.
What an exciting game between #FSU and #STBU! Should be a great finish here, FSU in the lead by 3...
Thanks for the heads up!
I did!
I highly recommend this class: RT Learn how to write an amazing Personal Essay and get it published w/ Taffy Brodesser-Akner
I hate getting blood work done <U+0001F601><U+0001F489>
Tonight's writing session brought to you by "Wanted Dead Or Alive". Seriously. Thank you
I Love Ariana Grande so much.Ariana you're my Inspiration please Follow my Role Model please tweet Me Iam an Arianator Forever ArianaGrande
thats so pretty
you can't spell article...
not a good show
one day! Lol I hope
You have no idea how much fun it is to speak English in a drug store until you live in a place where English just doesn't get you very far.
If those smelly kitties overpower the house, call us! We are pet odor specialists
THAT was a good long walk. And also more evidence I'll go a decent distance to recycle (I took a compostable drink cup to )
Glad you got value from my presentation, Trudy, and I hope you enjoy my book! Let me know if you have any questions.
will be relocating new family to SF on the 1st of March. Intense!
Now it is time to get back to reality y'all. Got a lot of work to get done by Monday evening. Goodmorning everyone
Lookbook has some amazing creative fashion but the captions don't make sense
oh okay, and yes thank you!
I want to go visit my family in new York.
I love how i'm the only admin that posts on here anymore...I'm seriously thinking of deleting the page. -Sam<3
The other "@" was to tagg you in it too
Soo, I need to get on here more(: starting now!
Breaking in a new 27" monitor w/ the final in Dubai. Great match. 3-3 in second, Murray down a set vs Fed.
good to hear:) & I'm sat with my friend trying to hide my twitter:') you?<3
I'm really in the mood for CUPS!!
Roses r red,Violets r blue,U hav a problem wit gay marriage?Who in the world r u? RT 4 everyone who want 2 be 2gether on V-Day, but can't. <U+2665>
The avatar is in memory of my mother Olla Mae Kyles-White who would be turning 66 today. Happy Birthday Mom. I love you :-)
Summer: be here now, plz.
I need to go to the art museum but I don't have a car...
Cats must claw a hole in the sofa/box spring to make a nest.
New Episode Rocked Ur Really CUTE
I used to... Now I'm waiting for America's got talent, hopefully it'll be good.
My mom literally always makes me feel like crap is unbelievable...and then she asks why I want to go away to college
I love talking to Siri. Anyone else?
WAY too seriously
Make the little things count. Teach midgets math.
why must it be -666 degrees in this library? I'm shivering!
passion pit goes hard.
Markieff's posterization of Blake Griffin
I'm in Tucson!!
I love lattes but am sad with my skinny peppermint choice today :(
You're a freak babe ;)
I'm liking what Stone and Hamilton are doing for the #Nuggets!
The Lincoln Memorial is simply gorgeous. Visiting it made my trip!
Haha way to go! Don't forget you can register online for the Q4 promotion to earn a free night after you stay four times :)
Yeah, I put my makeup on in 6th lunch. I'm too lazy to do it in the morning.
Goodnight... If Lord willing I will see tomorrow!
Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
is making you crave that greasy food right now. Your welcome
So who misses getting up early on a Friday morning, having coffee and meeting great people in Chicago?
Your welcome(:
'Cause you are on my mind.
haha he does look confused on the mound. You at the game?
I have privileged intentionality in my actions.
I only took the "spin" class version since I usually had to run to work after it, but she was a fantastic hands-on instructor
for the record team names: "CarlosSpiceyWiener" and my wife's is "Short bus Raiders" yeah, she's a special ed teacher.
thank you Ali!
On behalf of Ruru, BearBear tweets :Night-night. I learned this word today."night-night"
im small enough u should just take a large suspicious man purse and ill hide in it :p
say hi to bendtner for me! :D
When I'm about to follow someone on twitter, I go through their tweets to make sure they're worthy. That last person was not.
Changed the name and the sound and ditched the DJ Mixes. EP to come soon. DM me if you're concerned.
s'all good, dude. I don't really care.
That was fast
<U+201C>: any of you ever have Seven Kings beer?<U+201D> nope? What is it?!?
Have you heard ? .... "Metrics" coming soon
Thanks! Does your radio show get many listeners?
was all excited about boosting til i saw all the whorebots online :(
DSW: Learning the people who knew Madison Hemmings helped to understand his move to Ohio.
Thank you so much Robin!! This painting means so much to me and it was such an honor to meet the painter in person! This makes me happy
Loving! My new underwear!!!!!!!
I think so too. I'm predicting Rangers vs. Devils in the ECF. That would be really interesting.
that's certainly the toughest way, but I'd like to learn more about how to tell when it's time to quit the day job
<U+201C>: If you missed an Easter service, check out to hear message... man is on fire #lovemychurch"
Dining with founders? Yes, plz. Great to meet you finally
It's a sick feeling when you want to trust someone but they continue to show you why you shouldn't and you know they are doing wrong.
Thank You!!!
We're looking into it has done Mets games in the past-- maybe they would do one again this summer!
I wonder if that'd be my superpower...100% original.
It was legendary, and we were there! Oh great, I'm gonna cry again
That's for sure !!!
I didn't even know she was in the closet.!!
:Have either of U used #spicy peanut sauce, instead of tomato-based sauce, for #pizza?
What are you doing for MLK day? Taking the day off to get some fresh air?
Bye everyone! Thanks for all of the awesome feedback and suggestions on the finest of Chicago nightclubs!
when are we having our twitter teach? I'll show you the ropes, kid
So excited! 2nite @ 11: kora and cello music from Malian virtuoso Ballake Sissoko & French trip-hop cellist Vincent Segal live in-studio!
we have it @ www.iPhonerepairmiamibeach.com :-)
The bible is what God meant, and there are no errors or principles open for revision.
Spend time... what? What crazy Mad Libs is this tweet? RT : Liberals like spend more time
Slightly less evil (20 minutes in) landlord trying to force tenant to sign new lease (in the middle of the old one) forcing T to declaw cat.
Emily, looking forward to your insights.
I don't get it?
my eyes are peeled lol
I have never seen a cellphone shatter into so many pieces and still work.. damn thing just won't die
Thank you Warren! I know Wy !
lmao you're one to talk
Wow. They like the Badgers that much? Probably 18-21 range in the polls tomorrow?
I knowww I was hype as shit when I heard that! Lol
My blog I just tweeted a link to has the complete press release of details
yes it was at grettell's house . Remember the toys flying around too lol? Those kids
- cool stuff!
Protesters rally outside annual Minnesota Chamber of Commerce meeting in St Paul
Have a great Derby Day tomorrow, Michelle!
Someone needs to start a "Where to go in DC When Your Parents Visit - Post Grad Edition" blog STAT
#Beyonce5thAlbumTitles "Life After Birth"
I miss u more..im drinking white wine and got kinda emotional..u just reminded me of our night at dominos! haha xox
diamond bits, tell them you need a bit for ceramic tile. It's the same bit, they're like 10-15 bucks.
I did
:-) how are your "ugh's" coming along?
fair enough. Good luck at the ultrasound appointment anyway. Hope you get good news.
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Our first commercial is done! We will be uploading it and launching our website in a few days!
yeah and nopee
HARVARD SQ: our flavors are Salted Caramel and Strawberry Shortcake!
From : "In the end though, you have to shine. "
"Industry Nights",where artist play, party, network -Les Deux,Opera Crimson,Kress.Artist free all night on list.
come and watch them with mee
YOU. you were in Boston exactly 1 year ago. getting ready to go on at the TD Garden in an hour. you need to come back </3
You changed your handle! How's the new life down in Cali treating you?
On my way to Buffalo, NY! Bye DC I shall return :-)
Eva Paterson and Tim Wise have started their fighting for justice panel. IT. IS. PACKED
I find that look disturbingly
What's your guys 's favorit cover of austins? Tweet me!
In new apt., Verizon not coming until tomorrow. Am WITHOUT INTERNET. Trying not to panic.
Enjoying sunbeams with the furry child.
. + back-end interface to edit mostly static pages, because he'll eventually pass the site off to someone else.
Fxck out his face perkins
Feel better <U+0001F618>
The Battle Over the Birthplace of Adm. David Glasgow Farragut
that shirt is very becoming on you then again if I were on you I'd be cumming too
happy 18th birthday justin<33 i hope u have had an amazing day;) im listening to my world and my world 2.0 #stillkidrauhl <3
Have to be up for work in less than 4 hours!
totally! <U+201C>: Once you realize the less that's expected of you, the easier life becomes.<U+201D>
You are so sweet! I am going to move to Edinburgh one day and be your neighbor!
If I have 2 hoes 3 hoes, I am going to have mo money then The President! Lol now thats funny!! Lol
hey niall, follow me and i'll buy you all the food you could ever imagine!
RT : Made sure the cast of "Girls" consisted only of princelings.
Thanks for info. Had heard this also. You're having good results so far?
Meet USA Basketball Legend #ChrisMullen before the game this Friday at 5:30! All thanks to
RT : Niggas out here having great relationships with they real fathers smh
Get a job, Otis!
great question!
d hood! What's up lol
One of them we already have, the other we will never have.
Hey everyone! My twitter handle is now - I'll be tweeting about attagirl, Hazel & Haverly, AND my new men's line from here!
"Nothing worth knowing can be taught"
A walk able city allows you two things: improvisation and discovery. Those don't happen at 45 mph
": When says he'll text me at 6, and never does <"Omg I'm so sorry! My phone died at the gym and I forgot!
#1DLikesBigBums Oh my God Louis, look at her butt.
go pack!! IVE BEEN AT IT SINCE I GOT HOME!
#Avengers? Yes please!
is on Twitter! Yay!
I would like to hear about the REAL mother's day you had. Was it all rainbows and unicorns for everyone? I need to know the truth.
you need a friend? ill be there! =)
How did I not know the magic of #googlevoice until last week? Obsessed!
Not yet, but that sounds like a great idea!
dear god.
Everyone's at the beach while I'm in class
Now now Baby 1ts Justh Text Book Stuff.. 1ts 1n The Abc Of Grow1ng Up. Non Of Us Are Angels And you Know We Love you, YES.7
hey you should follow me <U+0001F499>
Thanks for the follow Heather!
** O_O ** RT : I heard of a pregnancy turned into a worker's comp claim
Congrats to friend and Giant's Strength Coach on the big win today! They owe you big! Hard work pays off...
today: why won't HDMI from Blackmagic card work?
i do
Yeah, I happen to have a bunch of friends who are Jesuits, so I'm not exactly surprised. But it's still awesome.
Waiting for a commercial that just says,"Hey you, buy this!"
hi back :)
Great Win #Brewers !!!
<U+201C>That's crazy<U+201D> when you haven<U+2019>t been listening to someone.
Fever & dizziness. I should go back to bed.
only clue I can give is on Connecticut Ave!
Getting ready to rock out w/ The Moncho Poncho.
nice shot!
Jornaling helps. Read Artist's Way? Neato. I don't know how it works, but it does.
i totally agree!!!
Did VO for #Firewater and will soon have screening of trailor for #BailOut, and feature #Overpass. Always exciting to see fruit of our labor
: Pi Bar in San Francisco & Black Star Co-op in Austin
Looking at the forecast in #PHX, Thursday looks pretty nice. From this point on, any day under 100 is a win.
thnk lord for the money
Email my assistant , she can get me the info
May the 4th be with you.
You know what I dislike very much? When sitting in social security or a dmv waiting zone, people who stretch backwards and get in my space.
ariel ...iz gonna send it...in a sec kk.....im skinny so....yeah
The book I'm reading contains one gathering--pages 57-64--twice. Haven't seen that before.
bout to go chill with screch from saved by the bell
woohoo!! Good luck :)
I'm having a strawberry milkshake and it reminds me of the episode big time video. Tehe. :) brainfreeze sucks right about now. ;)
Bout to toc da fuc out of Coco Lounge!!! Let's go!!!
gonna be the certain death 1.2
Snacking on cherries and prepping for next week's training sessions in NYC.
Thanks my love!!
Publilius SyrusA leader is a dealer in hope
incredibly kewl photo shoot yesterday - we appreciate the everyone's participation ...
Ugh the new Harry Potter is so far away it feels like lol. I'm so excited for it!
Wondering what types of goodies the Hillcrest Farmers Market has to offer? Market Girl reports about what<U+2019>s new & exciting...
Just because you know me, that doesn't mean you really know me.
Praying for a safe Hawaii as the Tsunami bears down on us in about 2 1/2 hours. We can hear the tsunami sirens going off every hour.
my eyebrows are ridiculous, i fail at shaping them perfectly. im surprised i haven't waxed them completely off by now :p
As a Cuse fan, I look forward to proving that one wrong.
ok believe it or not I sent that tweet BEFORE the balloon incident. Good job though, sir! And yes, awesome show.
excited with logos coming in from ! great way to get quality logos!!
What an upper 90 by ovetckin #caps !!
i'm excited. monday is my first "official" day as the new programming assistant. i'll be on campus mon-fri <3
New culinary obsession found: Spam musubi!!
You'd think I'd feel happy to day but in all honesty I don't...
Counting. down. the. seconds.
Q: Volunteers, why are you involved with the project? What motivates you?
Eve of ArtWalk come to ArtCrawl and mingle with Artists at the Grand 7-11pm Live Jazz or Theatre Bar Ladies/Martini Night!!
ugh! So beautiful!
<U+201C>: Now here goes the so-called fans bashing players. Lol..<U+201D> It's classless.
Britain unzipped is hilarious!
Why does class make a niga want to kill himself. #bored Af
there are some things better left unsaid, but you can bet your sweet ass i'm gonna say them anyway.
Not enough coffee yet...
It was nice meeting you. So much chaos. Hope everyone and everything is better now.
Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke seeks a condemnation and seizure of the old Mr. Lee's building at 33rd and Greenmount Avenue.
ohh well maybe we can play catch with that one
Never let FEAR hold you back, feel the fear & do it anyway...
Jesus Ryan leaf.... Talk about
haha its a Drake kind of night :)
3 canceled dr appts and a prescription for ladies only not covered by insurance; could gender-reassignment be path of least resistance?
Yung Rizzo, goes mall tour watch out for his mall tours in Luzon area, PI this March 2012.
1D Makes Me Smile!!!!!
Are there any flavor/scent combinations you'd like us to create?
Best be ready at 8:10 ON THE DOT
As I've filmed much rural life in America, I find the farming/ag culture & small towns special. Big cities are too big.
definitely. i remember it like it was yesterday omfg. "hella swag" xD
Congrats on selling out!
I will check out the DC on Friday
Just got an email "school's out" school never ends and summer vacation doesn't exist when you're an adult...
I'm going over to this guys house that I'm pet sitting. My parental a wouldn't let me layout with people around hehe
Cheers! Of the Dry Stout and the Railroad St. IPA, did you have a favorite?
SO if the world was to end in 30 minutes, who would you saw "I love you" to?
ha! Well... I guess that suggestion also works at mardi gras
Gotta spend time with my grandma this weekend.
Pas de tout!
thx for the add, my acc was hacked a yr ago and i barley got it back, feels good bud =)
hahaha. Of course! Ah. Im actually gonna miss jones class with yall :((
Oh no! That just makes them more valuable... definitely had dresses on my pocket brainstorm as the most important type
i cant set my hopes too high, cause every hello endd with a goodbye.
Epicurean Lite is here to help you & your family - we've completed meals for our first renal diet client! Inquire at
Lil' Wegi Working on these songs everything going good, working my but off for my fans Shout to all my fans and everybody I keep it 1000%
find me another!
well my genre could be considered a lot of different styles. haha, its kind of hard to tell but i think its mostly pop
why thank you Miss Fefe :)))
I'm just ready for dc here in about 3 months
he is, but this other guy is the one who is giving me the loan for the house im bout to buy
Top Reference Universe searches in March: 1. Brazil forest, 2. Chinese religion, 3. One-child policy
can we add some vodka to it?
Get paid for working at Lollapalooza and Spring Awakening and I get to get in for free on the days I dont work?! #YesPlease!
straight up
#Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym. Workout time!
#Redskins news here first at
On the real though, if doesn't drop anything soon, I'm flying to LA, finding out where he records, and HACKING that shit all up!
Check out an interview with "I Spit on Your Grave" director Steven R.Monroe in this months Empire Magazine!
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit - Aristotle.
great report on Materials for Mobiles Written by the brilliant global expert and contributor
hey! Just another incredibly busy day...how's your day going?
you always do that!!!! Lol
I'm sure you can tell by my tweets that I'm currently having a #ColeSesh #TeamCole #ColeWord Bitch.
Very nice! Hope your show was awesome! Sorry to miss class tmrw :(
don't watch a lot of tv but have to say I'm really enjoying the scary , suspenseful movies that play in October. sixth sense is on now.
President Obama has really great comic timing.
maybe it's time to quit
Best birthday gift? A Rangers win. Happy effin birthday to me.
Thanks to you, we are. Looking forward to our upcoming launch party for you at Spirit of 77.
this, that, and the other.
And it stresses me out when people cry cuz I don't know how to react to it...
anything for you :-)
"Oyster" at the Paramount! Part circus, part Cabaret, part Brecht, part Doors. Amazingly creative. Boston needs more funky dance like this.
We also have a new GSA logo! It will appear online and on our printed materials.
Friends are like melons; shall I tell you why? To find one good you must one hundred try. Claude Mermet.
Why have an original thought when you can simply Retweet?
My dad was totally like "Sgt Wu is a bad guy? He's so nice on Grimm!" re the new Jason Statham movie!
We have a fast-paced development and are seeking ME, EE, and FW contractors. Please contact me ASAP if interested.
Very interested to see who the #Steelers pick in the 1st round.
But he no-hit the Twins! RT " ESPN: Can't remember seeing a pitcher as angry as Weaver was when he came out. In an absolute rage"
In the middle of editing the and notice a lot more people shooting video than submitted. Still time folks!
i wish my ears would stop throbbing already so i could put in my batman plugs..
RT "Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?"
Wow had a bad day shouting match w boss part time gig cold day out thank God i have love of my daughters
On the way down to Columbus for the state final four coaches meeting- go Eagles!
#NFL replays are getting annoying. Seeing it twice is great, 3 times..ok but 5 times or more?
well if you don't swing in
I don't think either is possible, the profits are so high right now that concessions for competition can be made almost anywhere.
Great Gold Star Tour at Positive Tomorrows this morning! To see how we help homeless kids, call Josh at 556-5082!
Hawks-65 Chicks-60 @ the half
I've seen my dad cry twice in my life, and once was over the death of my parents' first dog.
Did you, by chance, message me about "bad rumors," or have one of us been hacked?
It seems that Seattle's past entertained many more innovative ideas than it currently does. The waterfront being the exception.
It's not?! That's exactly what I thought they were doing!
Crashing on the new iPhone software hm
what were/are you numb from?
My prediction: Flash is the future IE6. I'm just saying.
"Don't do drugs because if you do drugs you'll go to prison, and drugs are really expensive in prison." -John Hardwick
bought out our first event but starting Sunday we will have tickets for #DownTheRabbitHole available! Pass it on...
Definitely getting that!
Yeah, he taught me how to hold my tongue ~
Looking for an #expat #career in
its like milf city out this bitch and they only 21, smh this can't be a good thing.
Last 3 days of initial coaching engagement w/ client. They have SO many questions!
Waxman tells me on Plan-B: "FDA is a science-based organization, and I think they gave her their recommendations based on the science" (1/2)
Would you believe the $480M #AmwayCenter has a room with dirt floors!? I checked it out. Find out what's filling the space SOON. #WFTV at 6
Record time!!... 6 minute final
The best Sweet Tea in the world can be found at McDonald's off Roswell Road in Sandy Springs Atl #RandomThought lol
Optimize your site for contextual ads - make some money. PPC is not your only option!
Read about former #MBA grad's service this holiday season as Christmas Mother for the Chesterfield-Colonial Heights region...
#partofme epic #1single all over the world believe dat !
im thirsty.! ugh.!
Luck to me is something else. Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't. -Lucille Ball
Oh really you can get any bitch you want? With that language of yours I'm pretty sure you can't.
Aye I'm going home.
Yes I have.
funny how #romney was all over #newt about #fanniemae yet romney is an investor in fannie mae
Dick Clark, he gone.
shall we dance?
EkU fulfilled a need on the OL with some talented transfers. The Moore kid from Hofstra should make an immediate impact.
At for the first time. Bartender tells me the specials. I say, Well... I came in for the..., then she finishes: junkie burger
I was just going to tell you I got a weird DM from you & to change your PW. My only DM from you & it was spam. :'( Sad face.
I was elected yesterday at my county convention to be a delegate to the Tx state convention in June. Who's going to be there?
Also contact the Mayor's Office of Reintegration Services for Ex-Offenders at 215-683-3370. Great place to start.
Final segment of the week on the show. show coming up in about 10 minutes.
we sure do it is Facebook.com/samscafeoldsac
Beige and taupe, beige and taupe.
2012 Chicken Run Rescue Photo Calendars on sale, $25 each. Email with "2012 Calendar" in subject line to order.
Hahahahahaha RT : So in love it's not funny .......
Nobody's perfect..
Cool! tells me I was near earlier today on Market Street.
i suck at online pool. I'm about to call it a night
Just received a coupon in the mail: Buy one sock, get one FREE! While socks last.
approaching Lakeland and Winter Haven..it brings back good memoriies (:
No pain, no brain, no gain. Physically- emotionally - mentally. #sales #psychology #success. Get tough now.
U should do an Q AND A lol(:
where you at homie, come kick and drink
haha - never! Well, maybe moving and wanting to unpack had something to do with it
Just had chili, pulled pork sandwich, roast beef, fruit, cake and pie. Thanks publix samples for suppling dinner
thanks man.
only got a mounth left in school ready to get da fuck away from high school!
First Techno-Hell, now power outage! Going down before I can move up. :)
impressive. Your work is great!
that's even scarier.
"Butter vs. Margarine ? I trust cows over scientists."
how old r u I am 17 going on 18 tomorrow
Is it just me, or do these look NOTHING like candy dispensers. I'm reminded of something else entirely...but, THAT'S JUST ME. ;)
Thanks! We're ready to celebrate! RT : Ready to be inspired at annual meeting. Lots of great work being done in #Indy!
Whoa!! Was it the acting or the script?
Stop by after work today & let buy you a drink! We're here now until 9pm!
bout to leave this club and prepare for a busy week
so very true, if only corporations would learn that they give up their power when they loose sight that PEOPLE BUY FROM PEOPLE
are u following mee?
just broke my phone case..oh well!lol
Story of my life! RT I wanna sleep but I can't I wanna cuddle but with who
I don't feel QR Codes have caught on to the masses as much that it would help.
Still have a spot when I'm in town for next season? lol
Casting pearls before swine
If you learn something from a defeat it isn`t a loss.
I agree, you can't remake Scarface, best film of all time. We need a Freedomtown uprising in the theaters.
And the salsa! Did you change your twitter handle?
The combination of pizza, popcorn and soda never fails to bring back memories of Friday nights as a child.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
heard your call on and am wandering what coach that's available would b a good replacement for Haley
Last notice: we are going to be at 21/J tonight 6-7pm giving away 26 tix to our grand opening.
UGH! you hate me :/
Print audition today as guess what? A baseball player! LOL shouldn't be much of a stretch.
Could use the help! RT : With no NBA, can Gordon Hayward and Shelvin Mack please return to Butler for their senior season?
Favorite new fortune cookie: "Share your happiness with others today!"
NEW SONG IS UP NOW, SPREAD THE WORD! myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
Where's the watermelon.
President Bill Clinton giving videotaped tribute to brilliant theatre advocate
Wherever you are, be all there. Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God. Jim Elliot
Anyone seriously mad about Fury's ethnicity haven't been paying attention to Marvel Comics in the last 10 years.
ah bo >:p I only have 2 of my friends in my Classes how about u
If and are both in town for my birthday that will be the end of me. Death by happy.
Time to put my phone away before I say something I'll regret in the morning.
Tonight @ the Studio... Salsa 4 those w/experience @ 6:30pm. Followed by Casino Rueda @ 7:30pm and (beginners R welcomed).
The Walking Dead game on XBLA: Fun but kinda drags ass.
Djslym: I'm gonna have lil scrappy in town soon doing features with indie artist. If u interested please hit me up. Serious artist only FWD
Those are like my ABC's in smiley faces format
Quick! Tell Doug, Kottaras at first, Maldanado as 2nd catcher!
i cant im at band camp right now
because they are losers. They do it all the time!
Got some new clientele in the last week and some new Graphic designers in the last 2 Weeks. The expansion begins
For the Twitter marketing automation community: Marketo CEO Phil Fernandez has joined the convo Looking forward to his thoughts
Srsly, also, hopefully UNvicariously, too. Is there a pre-existing word for that?
lol i think i might join the darkside
I believe Casey did it, but prosecution never proved w/o doubt she did it. Lack of evidence. Shame she's getting away w murder
the only promise in life is death
#IamAStanBecause Eminem isn't afraid to show his emotions
those cuties have a lot of ap-peal.
Does anyone recall the gem that Wolf was pitching. I forgot
i was juss talkin to him about music and he told me hit u up lol....u do music?
ah come on help us out:)
thank you so much, i am so glad you like them!
<U+201C>Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.<U+201D>
its good !
Please explain, Kon-E-zee is its own Brand and has nothing to do with any other franchise
I am up reading, highlighting, and taking notes. Librarians never sleep. We are always thinking about words, papers, and our glasses.
Baked Ziti On Them Boys
I'M BEING ATTACKED BY A SQUIRREL HELP OMG OMG I'M SO SCARED
It is amazingly quiet in town this morning... Even at 4:30 AM the town is usually not so peaceful...
New picture!
Have a safe New Years #UTSA!
Don't I feel stupid, thinking you could have actually been caring about me all this time. Why would you lead me on this long to ignore me?
well i have more then one lol
#OnWisconsin for the background music for Pepsi????? # WTF
Thomas Jackson (BusinessWorld2) thanks for the follow.
Don't ask questions. Just get extras.
DANCE TOMARROW OMG!!! gonna party like its 2012 :D
thanks for following!
yes (: - your gonna come home for my party right ?[:
thanks, unfortunately that doesn't help when we were testing out the car for the weekend and wanted power on demand
I know people are tryna grind... hella stacks open on the 4th floor lib
well that just sux. You making love and making the money. Can u share at least. You keep makin LOVE. I need money, I need work!
<U+201C> Not same taste in music #dealbreaker lol<U+201D>
really want to go to the show at Highline tonight..who want's to give me me a ticket!? lol
sorry to all my followers i would follow you back but my twitter acount is mest up and wont let me follow any body...so sorry.
yea my guy it's time something new. You coming out tonight?
did you see the original The Girl with the Dragon T? I didn't like it. I really liked the US version
Yay! RT Anxiously awaiting the new addition to our family!
I don't get it.
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonight<U+2014>Broncos Tight End and Former CSU star Joel Dreessen. Come join us! Tavern Downtown 6:30-7:00 LIVE!
LOLOL. we just kiddin i swear.~
I swear if I get bit by one more mosquito
At the movies, seeing #starwars, brings me back to the first time it was in theaters :D
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. ~Dr. Seuss
7 dead as bus crashes on way to Tokyo Disneyland
Only like 3 of us had cell phones and we used e-mail addressed to keep in touch supposedly.
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC. FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS! STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT! ENTER FREE VALENTINES DRAWING! CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY C XOXO
look at my last tweet...it was meant just for you!!! lol
All you see, I owe to spaghetti. - Sophia Loren
ex. You need to rethink what navigation is important to mobile users, not just slap regular site navigation onto mobile platform.
I was it damn
Why tf is this Lil ass boy txtin me . I dont have time for this
thanks I will :-)
Lovely to tweet you as well.
just met the future you at KCI. From Mass, same laugh and hand gestures. Are all of you the same? Creeped me out a bit haha
Watch Glee to hear them sing WMYB!
Nothing like Dominican food in Dominican Republic!!!!
hahaha my gma is being cray I had to tweet it
Good morning! Avengers in iMax today? I think yes!
thankful for what your spirit has done for me. Love u juice. Happy thanksgiving
I love church and all my beautiful friends that attend! #HappyEaster <U+26EA> <U+2764>
I would also like to point out that I learned to drive a tractor at age 11, & I'm still alive. I learned respect for heavy equipment early!
I like Disney to
": Final: Oregon 108 Iowa 97." One hundred and freakin Eight! Wow
I miss you to
After watching the first part of "In Time" w , I'm now paranoid someone will shake my hand and steal all but 5 mins of my life.
Order a copy of "The Lost Works of a Lost Soul," from www.RShamar.com this weekend and get a copy for absolutely FREE FREE FREE.
So mad about costumes..
Trendy bands suck the o2 out of the atmosphere.
"Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits.....
yalls are older tho. I'll be better off than my wife. Lol. She'll be checking all the time.
Stress levels at maximum. All that I want right now is a do-over, please.
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
We're going through a re-org. Yesterday was the last faculty meeting of the Educational Psychology program at UW -- after 50 years exactly.
What is the best supercar on the market?
Who else can't wait for new cd Khaos Legions out tomorrow??!!
Big night of hoops for the state of
just listenin to music and skatin on my bed :P
Princeton u are #OutOfURMind kissing rocsi no offence rocsi and sorry my spelling off..we gonna WHOOP u Princeton (SMACK)(DOUBLE SMACK)
goodnight twitter world
Thanks Brian! RT Great interview Donn!
No....Thank you sir!!
thank you !
okay im going to be now good night<3 last day of spring break wahh!
LMAO. Tell it like it is. #DivisionRivals ": Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?"
OK so what if my company pays for your trip to San Francisco would you be willing to try out for the TV show?
Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters dead, I love this movie
Good morning, new week, new great things in the works.
Headed out to Jack of the Wood pub for some post #c4l10 ale drinking. If you are still in Asheville, please join me.
I find it interesting how college students often ask me to write letters of rec, but never to review their resume.
Photos of my boys on their baseball team- thing I don't care about
Im actually gonna cry because Im not allowed to go see the boys at all. and I live in new york.
It's never too late guys!!
Chiropractors do it from behind.
Ops shouldnt of done that .
'sup nephew!!!
OK, Friday Night Lights. I refuse to suspend disbelief for a "TX school district cuts football after 1 wk of budget talks" plotline. Sorry.
*raises hand* lol
It's going to be close. Will prob need to catch replay.
stupid bears.
We're excited too! This should be a blast!
You sir, have been tweeting and awful lot lately....totally not complaining but what's the special occasion? ;)
4 minutes left
how bout tonight ??? Or ma<U+00F1>ana ??
ok, okay- I get it- there's a show called Girls. Noted. Now, just chill out with the ads for a while?
awesome huge fan and i want u to know that ur amazing in everyway and a huge inspiration to my heart live ur life and rep? :)
RT : - Now Open in the Grove: The Goose, is a slinky and cool college hangout of sorts,
I have nightmares about how the #Astros lost, when we had the Big Unit, and an incredible team, it was sad.
Waco says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! Have a great (busy) weekend!
Just watched the lotr trilogy on the bus to Nola and not even there yet.
I got great new for you! we will need a copy of his i20 and visa for approval!! I will send the information by DM
Thanks for following me Sean!
How I agreed to schedule a 4:30pm meeting on #CapHill this afternoon is beyond me. Regardless... 3.5 hours until the weekend!
there are like 20 cardinals on our deck right now. probably has something to do with the birdseed
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama Vote For Him!!!
#NP Jewel "Who Will Save Your Souls?"
Thanks... it was tough, but so great to have them all in town :)
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain. <U+2013> Mark Twain
**flips calendar over** "Oh, look, midterms." **sighs**
is snoozing lol!!
you guys are mean to me. :(
I am so inspired! Thank you You, my friends, kick ass
I'm at the City Championship track meet with Lexi!! I'm so excited & nervous!!
Thank you so much and !! Best fans in the world are #Dodgers fans!!!!
Told ya
Juggling soap in prison because you're a fearless bastard.
not a problem with them! Thats just the most my phone has gone off in a while. I thought I was popular for a moment
Run off the road by an angry mailman from Plymouth, Mass
kind of. I'm glad to get out of school, but I don't know about after :/
hi dolls, is melena i'm here to say hi.
no she most certainly didn't
OMG I know! lol I'm doing wonderful & you?! :)
WAT TIME IZ IT OVER THERE
We want to know: What's the item you want the most from your holiday wish list?
Consider not just the "To Do" list, but what's on it! What is the bigger picture: What am I doing? Through contemplation, creativity emerges
#twittertip make sure you know what account ur tweeting from before you hit send. There are worse things than a Caps game to tweet, though
I'm all packed for the trip tomorrow. Going to see my Mosie Dog and prepare myself for her passing later in the week.
Orton can only take you so far before he crumbles under pressure...
At s church in Chapel Hill for the ordination of Katie Ricks. Festive anticipation as we gather for worship.
funny how that works!
I would like to finally have my dream come true to meet and I really want a boyfriend, a puppy, and an iPhone 4s #AskSanta :)
aw I got 's invitation in the mail aw aw
It is ridiculous that I've encountered three separate women named "Miss Bessie Brooks" in my research.
Its raining... hard.
(: so how old are you?
We decided to get past all the CoacHELLa mess and go this coming weekend, too!
I love it when people talk about the singularity.
I fuck wit real niggas, real niggas do real things so if swish ain't fuckin wit ya, what do you think that mean?
Its a perfect day to get in some trouble
The Packers will be on Vikings ASS next week!!!!
Dear LA city Parking enforcement. Thank you for your kind service to the community.
thank you sir check out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com and follow &
Bro as long as we believe that we can achieve our dreams, we'll make itt,, believe that..
So glad you share my enjoyment of all things twisted ;-)
i wish school ended at like 5th grade :)
Hm interesting...
lmao "can you handle it " lmao hahaha you still sick bros lmao
good luck man!
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! Truly an inspiration to us all, whether big, small, short, or tall.
Thanks for the RT, Sharon! Appreciate it!
Kings into aces. I turn a flushdraw and don't get there. Down to 7bbs.
Dear God... Please let what happened today NEVER happen again. Thank you & Amen.
Finna work on my English essay
When boys leave you a cute voice-mail to wake up to. <U+2665>
Naked girl- "do you mind giving me something to put on" James Bond - hands her sandals
Get me out of this town before I go insane.
I'm free in the afternoon
thank you for favorting me
Time for my Zumba....
CM moves to NOT lay off city employees, at least until Jan. 1, 2013. (CLA reduced # of layoffs from 231 to 209.)
#FindingYourRoots delivered a fascinating find tonight: domestic doyenne descends from a long line of artisan ancestors.
Just confirmed DiGiorno Pizza for free pies for our next promotion coming soon!
I hate that feeling.
just bought dream theater tickets :DD
& are two people who get so much flak for the important arguments that they make. So much respect to both.
It will be more exciting to announce it at
Voting voting voting for
RT if u want a followback :) [ one rule; must follow + me ]
Conjuring up ideas for the upcoming "Wake Up, My America" video...{A visual time-capsule of the American consciousness}
listening to the new Paul Weller again. How did you describe the album?
woke up with Grad (Friends Forever) stuck in head, replaced with Trolololol(lolololo).
#top100lies i love her i dont want have sex right now with her
No market in OK? Ha! Give away free content as an up-n-comer fill the social media space w/ it. When u catch a buzz then charge.
I still believe the rams got a steal with robert quinn at 14
aye man yall gonna stop comin at rondo like this! He still the fyest around! :D
Get your Sunday off to a great start, brunch with us!
IT'S TIME FOR THE MOTHER OF ALL PROTEST AND MARCH TO WASHINGTON AND TELL THOSE CRIMINALS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !!!!!!
Studio Paris tonight with ChiIL Productions !~
Bruins lost im like so mad & Sad ritee Noww..... Here goes to a Tough Few days!!
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. Laurence J. Peter
#Gyrotonic equipment offers complete freedom of movement. It's fully adjustable to meet the needs of every body type and level of strength.
today was a great experience even if it's just that...
yeah man. he knows you would have crossed him. i yelled that to him that during the game. haha
Fuck you John Sterling!!!!!!! You fucking idiot I can't stand you sometimes
we need the younger guys to get healthy. I love that kid Almonte. He's not ready, but the talent is there
20 minutes to #DesignBizChat -get ready 4 a packed hour abt Collaboration!! Join us at 10 am ET! Creating opportunities, how to's, dos/donts
<U+201C>: I have a huge boner right now<U+201D> hot
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Bing is beautiful
Mid-term grade rosters are available in Faculty Center. Contact with questions.
"Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody."
I'm so happy you liked it! Thanks for great visit, RT & follow!
recoring with Max Corwin!!! Excited. This is going to be awesome.
You've got the potential to kick some ass yourself, ma'dear. We'll catch up tomorrow.
Do you guys like my new icon??
during a massage they use massage lotions and cremes
There are over 100 billion people in this world, and your going to let one ruin your day?
Are you somewhere in the crowd?
Listening to on my crappy beat up iPod with my family and friend.
Lovin the warm days and cool nights.
I love the charm of Boston... So much brick and ivy...
Invisible Children employees and volunteers told not to comment
Sorry Conley, but i want the Clippers to win this series
Patiently waiting.
Retention is such a problem! What are you doing right now?
I thought April showers brought May flowers, not more rain. What happened to spring??
Thanks Aaron - how's the book tour going? Hope things are well out west! RT : Ah, to be a Fellow once more.
I want you in my pants asdfghjkl.
were you the one who unveiled like a flower while the UNC guy shot free throws?
#NowThatImOlder I learned to focus more on realistic things.
Awesome! I love etsy. Someday, I will have a job again and fill my house with lovely handcrafted camera themed things.
RT : Thanks for initiating dinner tonight - definitely one of the highlights of the week for me.
Just cut my finger on a gum package. Later today I will petition to get a warning label placed on all gum packages.
hahahahahahaha yes. can i see you tonight
no it's the BMV, I just wasted a bunch of time there today because they wouldn't accept my proof of residency.
Musing on career choices. I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
finally caved and made a twitter. let's party!
nice. I stay in Ft.Laud. feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
For post-grad exp., I'm a huge fan of nonprofits. Volunteering okay per FLSA & experience comes with helping others.
Went pretty chalk this year, I got UNC, Mich St, Kentucky and FSU
Philosophy of Law!
Just talked to common's mom!
One Republic, Secrets (after the movie deal)
Nah Im not. I just support the best. :)
"i would get up but it still hurts from the knife you stuck in it"
The Uni just arrived Boston where the guys at MIT will look it over tomorrow, and keep working on details to prepare for next outing.
Do you know it's actually better to walk and not run in the rain. They say you get less wet.
Steely Dan is amazing but Steeleye Span is something else... check it out :)
": wasn't Mars a part of the crew?" I'm Not sure, but now that u mentioned him that verse is stuck in my head
It's funny how things change when "feelings" get involved.....don't allow your emotions to control you
#IUsedToWonder what happened to the world after third impact
I'm glad Italians think lasagna is a starter course and have like 3 more courses after that, because I was thinking the same thing
i know your right....cant argue cause i pay for directv.
California Symphony brings ambitious program to Livermore, Walnut Creek - San Jose Mercury News
Hate to be leaving before #Fulbrightenrichment general election. Good luck to all candidates! keep me posted.
And now trying to write checks to pay the bills, after alcohol & already being way too tired, maybe not the ~brightest~ idea :)
JCPenny After School Program research concluded that 1 in 4 children are left alone. Please visit www.jcpennyafterschool.org for findings.
<U+201C>: It's amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, can suddenly mean the world to you.<U+201D>
<U+201C>: u speak portuguese?! That's awesome! #jealous<U+201D> I don't, but I do know enough Spanish&French to get her drift.
#twitter is the bathroom wall of today's society
good and you ?
she left Eli!!!!!!!!!???? He was getting a little possessive.... I would of broke up with him a long time ago... Maybe..
sounds like we need to plan a lunch again with the ole' CU gang :-)
EWWW, the creeper on #personofinterest thinks that's love? That's crazy talk!
And there's tonight's reminder that Paul was an OB/GYN. Say it with me: Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
good luck! ;)
Good morning twitter world!!:)
We have 7 days to go in our Kickstarter campaign, thought it might be interesting to - what mac fan doesn't want 3D?
Channel4 News - Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: UK urges war crimes probe - www.channel4.com/news/foreign-office-presses-sri-lanka-on-war-crimes
u can do it sissy poo!!!
Crew love
I need more UK Grime in my life. Who are you listening to?
Hi , my life
thx for inviting me!
No DOUBT!
thanks for the follow
Dodgers lost already<U+0001F44E> let's see what the Lake show has
"Are you going back to the office?" "I don't think you understand what 'never' means."
omg im about to get irritated!!! Hurry tf up!!
I can't, lol! RT : call box isn't working I'm outside!
Fuck stress, have sex.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<U+0001F625>
I thinki have a nice frame
Do you ever think about if people actually want to talk on a bus??
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
'bout to play baby dollz with my cousin YAYYY!!!!!
Doing something constructive for Oscar Grant!
My condolences on the plagiarism.
I was just teasing. I didn't really mine
Far from native but grandkids are 5th generation.
About 2 go shopping with my spoiled ass 10 year old nephew. Who does the spoiling.....why me of course.
Burk: South Africa tops the charts in MSI Africa, Eritrea scores lowest world, now capturing new components of digital freedom
Outside show Jan Sun 23 Grizzly Bear, Band of Horses, Pedro the Lion, Fleet Foxes, Cage the Elephant $12/Doors 2pm
I'm very sensitive about my Timmy T.
Found a car that I really love...but we're gonna take a couple days to think about it....
Authenticity is probably the best tool you have. And probably the most undervalued. Stop comparing yourself to anyone! You're the best YOU.
Free haircuts for military, police, firefighters, EMT, and all vets! :)) this is my begging you all to come in, <3
In fact, I've tweeted about 30 times in the past few months. This old man is slowly getting into the swing of things.
I survived state street 2012 once. Can I twice?
<U+2640>Prayer is not a "spare wheel" you pull out only when in trouble...but a "steering wheel" to drive you down the right road<U+2640>
Surely goodness and mercy shall #follow me all the days of my life: & I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever. -Now God's behind us!!
omg I'm becoming a hugger...
Wait, I forgot I can't on Monday. I have something to do. :/
First one I can recall seeing you in was Gotham with Tommy Lee Jones. "Can I offer you a beer? Mayonnaise?"
visit www.sobevips.com!
You can feed me strawberries before sex though.
so jealous. Have fun!
i wanna know what love is ... can you show me?
Kentucky should go to the NBA playoffs after the #final four!
Me too! Too cute, aren't they?!
I am reading so many tweets on my time line that are making me laugh so hard. :) :) :) this is awesome
the past hurts Crowe
I like the type of people that says: you look awesome, when you really know that's not true
www.varsityjackets09.com Now 100$ of the six time PGH commemorative jacket 412 873 8262 Till Today only Call BOb
RT : thanks to i got free tickets to
RT : In the Kingdom of God it's far more important to be caring & compassionate than cool, clever, & creative.//Yes
Whoa, feeling the Ambien kick in.
Game at 2 we have to go out there n,work hard...
I'm gonna lay on the floor and sleep.. Right now
Hey thanks for signing up for the #atthack Education in Palo Alto. See ya there!
Made res at Heartland for anniversary in 2 weeks. Scoping out menu & planning attack. Food changes daily but I can plan the cocktails now.
Peter, are you THIS close to Beyonc<U+00E9>? If not, go cleanse your demonic soul.
wow! That was crazy! Buzzer beater.
really what song did she sing
it's happiness in a can!
The #Avengers was so good. The only problem was the obnoxious people with no manners.
Nice thing about #nypleclp : attended not just by NYPL staff but Queens Public Library, Brooklyn Public LIbrary and even Westchester PL
Be sure to follow
Didn't sleep much last night, so I'm going back to bed.
RT : BIEBER BLAST. Sounds like a Suicide bombing.
I'm definitely not a heartless bitch, but if you break my morals, all respect I have for you will be gone.
I have had some GOOD food this week! So where are my reviews? I MADE good food, but the pictures need work, promise it will be up soon.
I had to wikipedia #SOPA...irony?
Prince William got engaged! Congratulations!
Trying my candle making as well! will let everyone know how my first one goes! Grave site tending- going good!!!
whats wrong Tom?
<U+201C>: Being Broke Is A Sin this album is it.#Salute<U+201D>1luv bro
Trying to seet if I can leave church on UES & make it for the first pitch @ Sun's #Mets game. I think I can!
Glad to see some interest around here !
Never give up
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.<U+2070>- George Bernard Shaw
You know my name not my story.
Collaborating with a friend and playing some open mic nights soon!
of course! Hope you do more giveaways in the future :)
I really need someone to explain to me how Karen just moved to NY but is already living with her boyfriend.
#MUCat Wrap-up, lunch, a tour of Ellis Library Cat, and "Honorary Cataloger" title conferred upon the noble Dr. Denice Adkins.
scheduled my bike tune-up for next week. get ready to do stuff.
It's black tea for me all day.
mrs bailey owes us a treat remember?
Thanks for the follow
Yummy, Chick-fil-A.
Dude just come out the closet already. Haha.
Bout time we got back to some real anchoring. Thank you, Ron Burgundy.
Starting next week we will highlight one member each week and their success stories. Send us your story or nominate a friend!
you know could not stand them nothing like free and aj
I totally understand. I've been doing more biz lunches/networking coffees lately, but I'm try to cut down cc:
The recording sessions for Manifest Destiny are done!!! Time to mix!!!!
<U+201C> Some shit you just don't do!! Always carry yourself like a lady<U+201D>
In really hoping for a great day tomorrow ! I need one bad !
Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx.
Negril as in Jamaica?
RT : Want to go a White House garden tour this weekend? Free Sunday tickets still available:
ugh I feel your pain girl! I'm doing the same exact thing. :( Motivation: one and half more weeks and we are DONNNNEEEEE!
Zig Ziglar~ You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
may i share this metaphor with him? he's an analogous thinker. he'd have a field day with that one.
u silly LOL
Jon McCoy's slides are giving me seizures.
thanks for the follow! Do you accept law articles?
How are people even comparing Denard/Terrelle when TP has beat Michigan TWICE & won the Rose Bowl ?! What big game has Denard won?
you mean like San Antonio? I think they won a few titles.
Beautiful girls. #seankingston throwback
Governor of Iowa is insufferable listen to
Mike Allen seems unaware that Robert Caro isn't a journalist anymore: he's been a historian for forty years now.
I hate when girls hate on themselves! I kno I do it all the time too but really c'mon ur not ugly! Ur beautiful #staystrong like
Tron is so lame. There's no plot!
I swear I was with J on Friday!!! We ran over some shrubs and a mail box.. And a cat.. And a bird house.. And a traffic cone.
Yes!! ": You know you've had a great #StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :-)"
<U+201C>: me too<U+201D> maybe we should have a sleepover so we can tweet all night :)
classic.........thank god I was parked when I seen it.
happy mother's day to all of the beautiful moms of the world. :D
so... how many of you have voted in the 12th District so far today? let us know.
You gotta follow - never miss a short rib taco again!
Very cool! I hope to retire at a monkey farm of my own making ... lol
I would be extremely grateful and flattered if u would fallow me!! <U+E404><U+E404> Please!
bored. gonna shower and get dressed. someone wanna come over and kick it with me later?
I want more salad with a side of vodka..
No sleep
Four Cs #1: Concentrate. Focus like a laser on what you want, then go get it. Don't Iet anything get in the way.
Glad to see 2 review articles dedicated to early America in the latest ESC
what damn socks
How do you vote *for* poop in your harbor???
Prone to wander, Lord... I feel it.
Just realized it's only the first week of the hurricane season. America including me, let's get back to the Genesis of this country. Ruach.
The mothers day present I have in store for my mama is gonna be epic
You can. Just make sure you fed ex the pack back on that Monday. Have a great trip!
#dhtrial Why go? When I was a kid in Wash DC I loved watching the Supreme Court. Also you learn lots about a biz by seeing sworn testimony.
So I have yet to see a kony poster wasn't cover the night on Friday
Sad, heavy sigh.
I just did it, too.
not only would i retweet you more often, but i would have to follow you on instagram
I hate falling asleep on the couch, esp so damn early... I'm hungry and thirsty now! LOL
not even guest, just replaying clip from show on air before him in Birmingham.
doubt it as well, but he seems to be overly optimistic.
all of you who is hating on & your just wasting time your stressing it an their over here laughing at u guys :D
Pollen'Cast! EEk.. today hitting high around 10.2 ..but are you ready? A huge decline by tomorrow at only 6.8 ..some major relief!
I understand that the 155 class is the most hungry and promising but peeps seem ready to throw you back in asap! #supchamp?
That's good to hear. Just waiting in 2 more months to go to a Dodger games.
i was gonna say hi but i thought it would be awkward.... lol
We'll be singing in the #rain today at #SummerJam2011 in Waterworks Park!
If you don't like me, someone else will. If you're not missing me, someone else is. If you don't love me, someone else does.
Paradise Misfiled
I am High!! lol
Thanks for the follow! Love the collegiate natural hair group movement on your website.
Regardless of Noel or Muhammed UK is still a top 10 team. Don't stress.
Whelp, at least I know that stress has one positive quality: weight loss.
I'm down. RT : I think we should just ignore everyone.
Disappointed with how the bulls as a team are playing
Leo. So be on the lookout for signs from the universe, and they will eventually help you solve a problem. #GottaLoveTheUniverse <U+263A>
have u ever seen a kfc buffet in n e hood before.
lol do some! I wanna see.
Watcin Firestarter then Eclipse! Got a big bowl of popcorn, huge Pepsi, twizzlers. Im ready, im ready!
What one player will have the biggest impact in this Sunday's AFC and NFC title games?
Its almost dark...which means, I better get home and fight off the lady bugs I left chilling in my dimly lit 1/2bath.
Over the next few weeks we will be putting machines into the Hawthorne Theather 1507 SE 39th Ave Portland, OR 97214
I'd like to see moore of them, from you.
you wanna go?
Going to Indian Head, MD for a presentation today and then wedding rehearsal this evening.
#FF You're Welcome My Friend! Thanks for the Shoutout! You're Awesome! Follow here people- One of Twitter's Coolest! Always funny!
pretty sick..this takes it to that necessary next level to be simple, credible and viral.
"chicks dig me"
": 'unignorable' could be ignorable, unknowable, inexorable, incurable, inexorably or unconquerable."
yup. :-) Have a good nite guys!
85k at 8-1600, lost a cpl pots and folded a pair and flush draw hand on turn when there was heavy action.
Honestly I don't think why you did was right, but I don't hate you, And I don't think you deserve the hate that ur getting.
Thanks man only a packer fan would appreciate this
good look RT ": I don't drink or smoke."
Why does Samsung think we want to carry around a super advanced giant Zack Morris phone?
I like how my,phone automatically knows LLN
That's how you do it!
Giving away DMB tickets tonight at JD Oxfords at 8pm. There are going to be a lot of birckenstocks in attendance.
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Pictures of their penis.
To be nicknamed Caballo Blanco, lead an extraordinary life & have your body carried away from your resting place by a white horse is poetry.
Is it just me or is Joshua's white cowl neck sweater a bit distracting?
Just realized there is one more weekend at home and then I have no at home weekends for the rest of... 2010 pretty much.
3rd floor cold, 2nd floor hot as fuck, 1st floor average. Its uncomfortably hot
haha I'm with us there...it's so hard to break up w a feed though
I'm doing inquiry in a modified way--but I'm also working with high school teachers who are trying it out. Thanks for reading it
we really do! Call the Manager Darryl please or email us your contact info
Me: Let's watch a good movie together. Wife: We're watching this, it has Patrick Dempsey in it.
Sipping iced mocha in deep contemplation, we are playing game of fate and it is now your move.
true. But don't be like would be if he saw Justin bieber. You're a pro.
Very cute!
She needs to keep her damn mouth shut!!!
I would have loved to hear him speak! I am an avid reader...love literature, history, novels etc.
you mean we see where you got the face for short cuts from.
BTW, exhibitions @ Les Rencontres d<U+2019>Arles run through Sept 19 so lots of time left to stop by if you're vacationing in Europe this summer.
Someone willing to do anything just to put a smile on your face is one worth keeping.
good RT : Im about to die :'(
RARS alert big news released
Thanks girl!! It was nice meeting ya at the show! Hope you had fun :) RT : the october issue. Page 30.
It's irksome to read "PhotoShop" in a published work. It's not hard to get the proper name. Even my iPhone just tried to autocorrect me.
A couple players have been killed by pitched balls? I was only aware of Ray Chapman. Minor nitpick, obv; agree w/main point
Finally! Too excited!
Reminder: the VIP Tickets are admission AND a giftcard to the bar for 5/19. The final 10 of those go out at 5pm at The Red Rabbit 2nite.
and also to you. Happy Holidays
I fall harder and harder, the more and more we talk!
Inspirational night! Was just at the Latino Champion Awards & was inspired by the honorees & winners for all their doing in the community.
hope she feels better.Nothing worse than a sick child.
Thanks for the random fact Logan haha too bad they can't do that in #Colorado. You all done with #finals?
I thought that's how blogging worked. They send you a car, you blog about how great it is, everyone's happy, no?
Have an ICONic Birthday(;
Blueberry pancakes that are more blueberry than pancake.
huh really? okay i dm you! haha.
how does Rice fall out this week?
Good Morning, Lovers!
I still want a cockatiel. They're so cute!
Active Network job opportunity: Manager of Online Account Management for Active.com in San Diego. Send qualified candidates my way...
I hope so, I'm tired of receiving notifications on my phone.
Audition tip #6: Better to be assumed cocky than too humble! Act like you Want it! Not Need it!
I think the concept 'away' has gone away. It's not about zero waste its about eliminating the concept OF waste- McDonough
Oh my, that's just too adorable.
Meek Mill ft. Drake - Amen>>>> That's my cut!
Fanboy And Chum Chum!
"In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.. Alex Haley (American Author)"
This is not the leg you're looking for.
wow!!cool!!:))wht position do u in??
Yoooo WTF????....people really breakin windows at the chicken shack ....#sadness....people really need to get a
lol it's just terrible. I'm so close to being done. This is the only class I'm worried about
Why are there so many people w/English accents in Bridesmaids?
#teamfollowback I have 999 followers... One more? I FOLLOW ALL. ;D
ufc fights were good last night I actually liked the Georges St. Pierre fight I dont care what anyone else says that was a sweet fight.
Let us know what you find out :)
S3 is what did it for me, when the show gets into politics. Ah, I wanna see it again.
dear teachers, when you say you will find out if we used the internet to find the answers that is so untrue, because well you're a teacher &
anytime and I love ur last name
yesssssir, goes in
To pumped !
but the game jitt
RT : how much will milwaukee metro score this weekend because of the ncaa tourney? find out tonight @ 5 on 4.
Ha, that's funny. I watch #Hoarders and then go clean out a closet too.
There is no sporting event I despise more than the NFL draft. Totally pointless to watch, and totally pointless to get worked up about.
You were talking to her but messing with me. Why do you race through my red light?
I cannot sleep <U+0001F620>
; return true;
I can't believe we passed on DeCastro, would've fit the Browns offense perfectly Instead he goes to the Steelers.....
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
Can't wait to go to Georgia this year :))) too excited!
Belgrade and Belgrave are both, in fact, pretty deep. Also Mr. Belvedere.
Final main mission on grand theft auto 4 then beating side missions all day with my little brother haha
yup!!!! :D it's at the field behind the football field at the Ryan school!
She's just the sweetest most cuddliest bitch.
Looking forward to coming home tomorrow. Been a long couple weeks, and really hoping a few exciting things pan out in the next few weeks
We'll see you there!
Today is one of our members 21st birthday, Forrest Miller. Come to Swiggs at 8 for a fun celebration!
Hi, Michelle! I'm Alice.
I'll admit, I enjoy reading the comments on online news articles. But why did I decide to venture into the Fox News comments? Dear God.
Will you be in Chicago? btw, been told I should get in touch with you re: health/medical librarianship. Will email you soon.
um... i want to lick your face off... then your body.. and yeah...
Thanks for the inspiration. Right back at you - have a great week!
I mean thats nice sept for o wait I dont want to go that nutass school
Where to get free scoop in Balto? Online map shows closest place is Silver Spring!
that was not the football gods. That was Tebow himself reaching thru the cosmos to tell you to STFU.
I'll pretend everything's alright.
RT : Vermes shut up you idiot
Idk cause i have not been on twitter all day and it says i said that i have not wrote anything so idk and ppl has said the thing about m ...
Thursday: #GreyGoose & presents | LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar.
um - what is THIS?? how did i miss seeing mr. peter coviello join the convo?
where can I find more info on the $100,000 Gates Foundation Grant?
It has been a month now since we lost Ryan Dunn so sad :( R.I.P RYAN DUNN we all miss u!!!
Great day today We're unleashing a new product -The Unlimited #magnalogix platform just got better. Contact us to find out more 866.460.6611
And maybe during lunch we can meet in person (the analog form of collaboration).
I made it! I made my boyfriend one too but he's isn't glittery. lol!
aye now, take it easy lol
Is there a site where i can submit my portfolio to the show??
Had one hell of a series against UWO. #d3baseball RT : Congratulations to the Pioneers' Trevor Kattre on being named WIAC POTW.
I know she wasnt a Mahomie but please RT this #RIPMaryDirectioner she commited suicide today! Please show your respect! <3
Senate Judiciary Committee has OK'd Monroe County DA Mike Green for federal bench.
(a tad late but) GO TURQOISE BEACHEZ!
Hey Simon! Thank you for including me in your Austin Daily! Hope you're doing great.
thanks for the shoutout's everyone! hoping the result goes our way this weekend.. it's a massive one!
"Oh, mirror in the sky - What is love? Can the child within my heart rise above?" ::fleetwood mac::landslide::
hoping to raise around $7000 thanks to & and all our donors!
You're in luck because turds is a word, according to Twitter, and I will continue to tweet at you. So there.
LIVE FROM THE "ORCA"!
he tweeted he landed in new york
Dang. Fucking talk about something meaningful for once.
yee she keeps telling you guys like her and want her back.
Yup, that's the one!
My sister thinks my subtweets are about her.....they are lol
happy birthday b <U+2665>
'Go Trio' session w/Sean Gough & Doug Hirlinger was great! We hit again 2morrow. Will post some sounds soon.
I'm so excited. In I just can't hide it. Lmao
LOL! You are funny!
you hashtag #Zach?
Good morning, handsome. :)
its otay :( next time fersure c:
i cannot wait for baseball tonight. and i do not mean the tv show.
for who I want to be nosy lol
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Attn people with couples avi's, just stop
We're looking for a 90's Jagenberg 105 folder gluer...if you have one for sale or trade-in toward a new gluer, call me asap! 888-BRAUSSE
Can you ask to unblock me, please? Please tell her I would like to be friends with her.
totally in love with dubstep. grannystep!
RT : WHOOT! WHOOT! Coalition of the Willing wins Best Short Film at SF Green Film Fest. Congratulations everyone!...
that would be pleasant.
yeah they catch the fade
gee thanks :)
Dear Anthony Tomas Li, I miss you sir. You need to come to CA (: please and thank you <3 Love, Jordan Lynn DeVore
Thanks for wakn me up u know who you are smh
ikr its relitively STUPID if you ask me
well at least you're honest.
Who stole my feelings!!! You better bring'm back before somebody get hurt!!
Have fun! Enjoy your weekend :) RT : Off to celebrate the birth of my standby wife !!!!!!!
#blackgirlsrock loving Jill Scott and Angela Davis
so tired that you can't fall asleep :/
Thank you for keeping such a beautiful piece of history alive for all to enjoy!
Lucky you!
Thanks to the library, said cake could be shaped liked 90s TV sensation ALF!
Chris: You probably get a more accurate view of the medical field from Greys Anatomy than you do of the tattoo biz from NY Ink.
I just ate Cinnabon while watching the biggest loser.
Thanks to everyone who has been hearing/heard our new song "where I am" and special thanks to those who got the secret meaning ;)...
#MAHOMIES if you had 25 charactors only to say something to what would you say!?!
It been very relaxing for me and Gomez. :)
My Video to my song, "Do You Wanna Go" will be shot in a little under 3 weeks. Inbox me if you are interested in being there an in it!
It took so long because Jerry is to long to transport.
Over in South Hampton England. Could have sworn it was Monday all day. Great studio today regardless of my blondeness! Happy Wednesday!
RT - Next time you pass a Walgreen's, take a close look at the W. Then look at the Washington Nationals' "W" ... do the Nat...
you naughty, naughty boy!
Let it me known...Model UN for iPad and Android tablets....coming out first quarter of 2012. :-)
absolutely not.
thank you!!!
When u look in the mirror R u happy with YOUR reflection? U CAN be!
Listen 2 really c what's on a hoes mind n c what she got 2 say... Then a pimp gotta just pimp accordingly after that
practice your dance moves to Journey by chance?
I just keep crying. I've never felt so torn up in my life. I know he'll be okay.
Always a pleasure seeing you!
Monopoly AND Settlers of Catan Tournaments at Chicago Toy and Game Fair! www.chitag.com
cousin. I'm going to gstaad to in 2 days. Maybe I can just go with you in the morning
I ALREADY FOLLOW LOL, HOW U BEEN??
You're very welcome!
#cara student Aesha C. secured a position as a House Keeping Assistant I at University of Chicago Medical Center! 48 of 310!!
you're welcome. just saying hi. :)
Oh shoot I probably don't, but I will thoroughly enjoy the time away ... and seeing birding friends of course. :-)
Went for a run on the treadmill:) #muchneeded #feelinggood (:
...mud? I didn't think that was real either
networking groups! Inside & outside of the wedding industry. ABC, SGMP (good hotel insight)
What's good tonight??? you goin to the penthouse or what?
Dear fucking god, please let this be the left coming back to life
The niggas these days, tf breed they come from!
Attending the MRS Fall Meeting in Boston? Be sure to stop by the Cambridge booth!
I'm not envolved so too much
Love is so confusing - you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do? Turn out the lights! ~ Robert Orben
I hate when people respond to my texts. I would much rather be ignored than get a response
..."Lugar drummed out"... We just feel he way too old, hasn't lived here, and completely out of touch with us Hoosiers.
Great crowd tonight at The Stillhouse in Lebanon. Stop by and hang out I'll play you a tune-BH
only if you trade me for some you know what
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?14
good idea!
This guy takes forever to get to my house and he lives less than a mile away
Have a day kid
Another incredible show.
thank you!
John elway about Tebow - if I wanted someone to marry my daughter, it's be him, but for a quarterback not so much
RT : Try Il Covo Ristorante & Lounge's amazing breakfast dishes: Eggs Florentine, Chocolate Nutella Crepes, and a cup......
T1: Have to be careful not to stereotype, but guys typically want to "cut to the chase" so they don't always need a bunch of info
Networking party...Thursday March 3, 2011 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St. New York, NY. Doors open @ 8PM!!!!! Come dance, drink and NETWORK!
have a great Friday !!
Who has no arms, no legs but floats? . . . Bob
Am I an asshole for overlooking a positive message because it's misspelled with incorrect grammar?
<U+201C>: lisa turtle looks scary and now serena williams is rapping? we losing all the black goddesses :(:(:(<U+201D>. SMH LOL
Never realized how those skies worked until tonight. cool.
Operation Native Son setback: I'd have to spend $4 in fares (or walk 2 hrs) & get 2 West Philly to check out Baldwin essays. Hold it is. :/
for the term?
studying for the MCAT's.
Just found a picture of you in my phone...
Yes, with the fam. Fireworks rocked! :)
Jamison, wow this is what the Cavs wanted when they traded for him.
Violence Against Woman Act (VAWA) passed the Senate! I urge the House to pass this important bill into law.
DJ Topher will be spinnin' old school and new school hip-hip tomorrow at the shack and Big Red will be handing out free samples. Come party!
happy mothers day!!
Watching Bottle Shock while drinking wine. Perfect Friday evening...
BR = Barb Roland?
This is Oklahoma do we really need 2 answer that!! Lol RT : What happen to the sun...
Ladies and Gentlemen it's trivia night again Backstrom jersey to the winner!!!!
Grazie Matteo for the delicious pizza appetizer. My family loved it!
It's a sundressy kind of day, I think.
Join us for in person classes starting next Thursday the 19th
Nice singing gig at the Dance Alloy's 35th Party tonight! Beautiful bunch of people came out to celebrate!
Reminder: Buy your WSU DECA shirts! Just $12! See Dr P.
Good morning <3
Zrebiec should be in midseason form. He hasn't had a day off in like a year and a half.
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
BIG BLUE NATION.....THE TIME IS NEAR. OUR 8TH. TITLE AWAITS. NERVOUS WITH ANTICIPATION..........
stop into the lumber office in the back before 4:30 and say hi!
yea exactly, especially listening to music.
Bringing families together! That's great :)
so am I but I don't see you
Had a blast playing at the Blue Note last night. Thanks to Pcorn for hiring me and to everyone who came out!
I'll find out soon!! Haha actually Sheila lives there...
Gotta get my hands on one!
When are you going? Tonight?
Headache Nigga Stress....
ditto! RT <U+201C>: Hanging out at my pup - wishing that didn't work so frecking much<U+201D>
Thanks so much for reposting our vid! <3 love ya
well thank you(;
Northwest Natural Gas might get rate decrease instead of increase.
or is a cupcake a Muffin of Awesomeness?
hi alice!
I mean my 1 gag tweet to your many lol
he's not bad man, I wouldn't sleep on him. But I think you have a better team to handle him than I do. :)
he replied to you :)
Hardwood is not fun to sleep on. Awaiting my mattress
Is it 2013 yet? I don't like this year. I need it to be over.
she'll follow u someday!! she always notices her fans love u jasmine!!!
Why don't they make a heated body pillow? (like heated to 97.5 human temp) for all the single lonely people.
good cuz if it was yours u better get hammertime lol
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TO ALL YOU SPECIAL LADIES!!!!!!
Let's get Sarah Silverman and Jimmy Kimmel back together.....Mr. President and First Lady
Is rotfling at Matthew doing dancedancerevolution hottest party too
RT Like seriously....yall are a TRIP!!!// lmao we have no sense at all!!! Everyday its something new!! Lol
is recovering from a long day at city council and trying to catch up on a TON of messages and work.
RT : Tonight is a night of announcements! We're very close to an amazing opportunity to use TV to change lives. Can't wait...
Thanks new followers!!!! Keep spreading the word about this page and :)
"if Syracuse" is a trending topic today... please complete the sentence - If Syracuse......
Wahh my twitter won't load anything. :/
Jury was hung on one count, split 8-2 for conviction in Arevalos trial.
"four-berry coulis" = love.
This live stream of opening ballet event is magnificent, can't stop watching!
Well I feel better, a CNBC host just actually said looks like there might be a lower opening with Dow Futures off over 150 points. Really?
Haha My YouTube account getting blocked from Penis Palermo.
Today we honor hipster president Warren Harding because he president before it was Coolidge
Just a public thanks to my first mentor Joe Schroeder, father of the 'funded proposal'...Thanks Joe!
well that sucks
Happy Mother's Day!!!! Yay!!! ...now, kids leave the house so mom can have some quiet time.
you're very welcome:))
Spicy Beef, Bacon, and Potato Stew. It feels like spring, but I am prepping leftovers for the usual Michigan change of weather this weekend
To the people who just ordered a deluxe pizza with no veggies. Congrats on paying $8 more for a two-topping pizza.
is the worst company to deal with.. They charge you for a service and don't follow through.. Where's the customer service?
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think I will ever buy a
Had to RT this one: "Yo Obama, I'ma let you finish, but MLK Jr was the best Nobel Prize winner of all time"
Gettin even feels so good!
We're getting close to the end here Mark.
"""You may not be the winner, but there is a winner inside you."""
I forgot all my text books as home/: I need to turn them in
I'm losing him a day at a time. I need a hug... #ForeverAlone #
Gronkowski has 15 touchdowns on the year
OMG! So scary!
What? Didn't you know it's #earnestfriday? ;-)
I'm tired and this iPhone light bright ah on dim. Goodnight
Thanks for having us!
I don't know what to wear tomorrow <U+0001F614>
Getting a pure thought life takes purpose. It's not accidental. It's a chosen action.
How do I misplace an entire sprue?
I wasn't looking that close, but I did notice a lot missing addresses, job info.
#ProjectX is a party I wish I could throw.
Awww!!! How sweet!!! XOXO I appreciate that Scott!
Topic on family feud: Kentucky. I GOT THIS
Ready for tomorrow.
totally agree re the web mobilizing on other issues. as ppl become more comfortable w/the medium, it's the 99%'s best tool.
mos def. You ever come up to Annapolis for work?
just got in not ready to be in
Do not ignore importance of continually training your people regardless of field, industry or professional. Reducing training costs more.
There really isn't anything on tv in the middle of the day ugh i need something to do
I wish there was more people like you in the world!
Thanks Steven, I enjoy having my toys. I'm looking to add a proper sized boat next.
State Dept on Hazem Abu Ismail's mother: "Out of respect for family<U+2019>s privacy, the Dept<U+2019>s policy is not to comment on q's of citizenship"
#Truth RT If you're not 100% sure you nailed it, then you probably missed the mark.
I thought this read NBA Hall of Fame. I kind of wish it did. <U+201C>: On way to Vegas to be inducted into NAB Hall of Fame...<U+201D>
#TellMeNicki do you prefer rapping or vocally singing??
Hi Claiborne! So sorry you experienced technical difficulties on Friday...please let us know if you're still exp. freezing.
Came home to hubby cooking bacon
birthday yoga coming up!
Good to know the Jason mask stays put at this children's party!
Come on #BBN get behind those #UKWildcats for a win!
Bank of America invests millions of dollars and volunteer hours to improve ... - MarketWatch (press release)
call me back
#superspiritual yOu make ya baby pray before you breast feed lol
Today we will be working with and on a 60's housewives photo shoot!
He had to move up to Nor Cal because of financial reasons.
you're a coward.
I had to break it to my 7yr old her fish is dead. Yeah that worked out well.
Yes, but some journalists feel strongly they shouldn't vote in primaries, bc it requires them to declare party affiliation.
Fun fact: I grew up half an hour away from there. You're in the heart of #hillpeople country. Get a horseshoe at Jackson St.
Might as well give up with basketball
Heard your back as a Nugget, welcome back!!
looks. so. delicious. will have to try it out!
ment to spell it like that nd oh
"And I don't know what road we're or where we been, all I know is I don't want this night to end :)"
Just had #CurryGoat with #WhiteRice. :-) yummy
will tell you but then I will not be the doiggy anymore
it's freezing outside<U+0001F631>
You were not kidding about that fig! Another amazing batch.
It is Abosolutely Imperitive that the Jewelry I purchase has genuine stones!!
morn friend !!
why is Steve Wilkos trending? um.
yaaay :D Have a safe flight darling ^~^
I am still alive and kicking but the beard is coming of Monday! Beach day soon?
jkjk <3 you know you the best in the game you>world :)
I know where a Brazilian Steak. But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO! Drink specials, free food on the patio.wwwsalgrosso.com
I just texted you did you....Did you get it Jenny?
Feels so good to sleep in. <U+263A><U+0001F4A4>
<U+201C>Then from far away across the world he smelled good things to eat, so he gave up being king of the wild things.<U+201D> <U+2013> Maurice Sendak
He doesn't. <U+201C>: And 4 lefties in the bullpen now. If Ohman counts as a major league reliever.<U+201D>
Hillbilly gulf. Oh yeah.
No human wisdom or understanding or plan can stand against the Lord
Currently in a line of cars to pick up my 3rd daughter from 1st grade. Need testosterone, levels are low, need 4 tickets & a beer!
Wonder if wants to move his wedding to Monterey so I can go to Internet Librarian. WHAT SAY YOU, DAN? ("No", I assume you say.)
Hahaha. He eats burgers too. Or was that Wimpy.
Need a Red Hot Deal? Groupon's got it - 10 classes for $35! The only thing hotter than the deal is the room, baby!
<< Check out our new fan page photo - you likey? ;)
lol dnt act she like 30 yrs my senior y wud i tell her that
haha love me some digital wizardry...you better tell me if u see a fire boat!
O la la la diamonds are a girls best friend
Anyone other than tweeting at the Residency event?
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
I luv Criss & mind freak! Was so excited to see #believe left very disappointed. I was hoping for more magic less talk
Just got home from hanging out with 's own and :-)
One good "Follow" deserves another...or Get a "Follow", Give a Follow. Now Watch ur Timeline Grow. (just my spin on "Twitter Etiquette")
Voice recognition software for consumer dictation
shit I bought GSK off Amazon cause fuck Apple.
Two nightmares last night: accidentally given unwanted neck tattoo instead of back piece. Late for plane, eternally running through O'Hare.
Did your little tweet fingers fall off? Please do your part so that we all know what you're doing.
Ha. Just not with me??<U+201C>: <U+201C>: We rollin out tonight??<U+201D>lol. Rolling somewhere<U+201D>
...and 100% reason to remember the name.
Looks like there's a watch party at LSP, too...
He's got a nice time feel.
Words of my Husband: "Go make me a sandwich woman!" Me: "you got legs get up and do it yourself."
RT : Eloqua is a proud sponsor of #OMS12, stop by our booth 205 !
thanks ;) it's going to be a fantasy title.
Going to lifeguard with kinslee!
Levitation Ale barbeque sauce. I'll have to try the one you tried to. Sounds good... How are you, I miss working with you.
S/o to all the people who were apart of it. N s/o to my BROS!
at the doctor for the cough I had for two weeks now.smh
people get upset because they hate of bikes. Why don't ppl get upset at speeders, red light runners & cars that roll thru stops
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
I really, really, really needed to hear that. Horrible day at school today. Thank you mamasita!
Great day for a 90 minute yoga class The class was difficult but the feeling of rejuvenation was worth it:)
thank you for MT Daniel
Ltrain down. Soundtrack as running for bus. "I want to kill everybody in the world."
<U+0001F633>....I forgot how to drive in Detroit! I'm lost!!! Lmaooo whaat is this!!!!
Education is the civil rights issues of our generation.
Anyone hosting an #edcamp near them this weekend?
I'm fairly confident there is a crop circle in the middle of this #LSU and #Arkansas game.
For the record I know its pneumonia not ammonia lol. I'm bout to get some soup and take a long shower bath
okay good. I'm trying to do better.
Express Mani & Pedi is BACK for SUMMER!!!! ONLY $40
This amber alert on tv hella sad
Creativity, collaboration, and accomplishment
Hey look! Just got a new follower....ha!! Btw I can use a new beanie!!!
Why does everyone have a bonfire right now and I'm laid up in bed?
How long does it take a nigger bitch to take a shit? 9 months.
I can't watch that sweetheart. I just want to drive over & start organizing/tossing/sanitizing
has problems
Why do people still read her? Ugh!!!
Riff Raff has affordable prices, great taste in styles, makes shopping less of a hassle, and... LOLZ ;)
But mine does... RT : If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
Facebook Glen Goodrum
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry and Raspberry Pancake Topping 4.73 / 5 Stars | 37 Reviews by thr33things "Blueberries and raspberries
Rock Band Food: Sleep Now in the Fire Nachos topped w/ chili, pepper jack cheese, sweet n spicy peppers, Tapatio sauce, sour cream & salsa!
I need to start my economics final !!
DAMN!!!! Drink some more brother!! You earned it!
he better sit down dome where he font want it
Hahaha on shuffle, the song that was playing when Scott Scanlon learned to dance right before he shot himself just came on Spotify!
The contest will end Sunday (March 18th) at high noon (EST). We will select 2 winners at random.
i got good sleep
Recovery includes forgivness
back??? Like he was with you in your room?
Of course would have BB King's photo gracing the bar
Missing sailor's wife and friends plead for help in finding him. Criticize Navy for not doing enough. SD Police also searching
Milan blew it from very START of season, no decent result against any top opposition in Lge, major injuries worse than UTD easily
I hate when people don't know their networks. It is the fastest way for me to tune out. Pitch me on Linked In and I will report you as spam.
Sunday roast at the queen vic today.....yum!
"Bring out your inner sparkle!"
Two play auditions last week, two callbacks this week! Haven't heard about the pilot yet...I'd love to go 3 for 3!
what does tcoc mean??
My friend Derek is a Sports Director there now. I'll ask!
oh. Omg I like to listen to their accents.
All #Rockets fans should check 's stream over the last couple of hours. Nails it as usual.
Teacher brought a furbie to class
Getting ready for a ikea shopping day with the wife. Sounds like fun
#Follow You won't be disappointed. I've spent way too much time on his account this morning. O.o
hi Alba! ! What?
haha well he's hosting this after party and there are def some kids here to see Him haha
Trust can be lost within seconds, takes a lifetime to regain, and is still never as strong.
good piece; thanks for writing it (and for the link)
finally got the chance to watch Austin's ustream on youtube. poor baby.
If people can't do something themselves, they wanna tell you that you can't do it either. If you want something, go get it.
on wisconsin?!?
<U+201C>I got rabies shots for biting the head off a bat but that<U+2019>s OK <U+2013> the bat had to get Ozzy shots.<U+201D> Ozzy Osbourne
happy valentines day!you da man always.all my love.xoxo *christina the cuban*
haha its true!!
Smoke something
Enjoy the cheesecake at the wedding tonight! Congrats Leah!
Lmao. I'm lookin at a tatoo that is off the chain! He is wearin the hell out of it! Lol. #luvatattonasexyman!
Get your best shoes on and walk the path that YOU wish to walk. Stop waiting for others to HELP you. Help yourself!!!
Wanna hear our new songs? Come hang out with us and the as we host some really great groups in GASTON, APRIL 2 at 8 PM. /yd
This may just change my life! RT : How to hail a cab using Twitter: bit.ly/yMcbNT
Thanks! You rock, too!
woop! woop! Lovely to see you on here honey! x
More Friends, More Fun
All this talk about breast feeding in public is a reminder that our bodies are only here for sexual pleasure.
I heart movers
one question hows does that happen?????
w/ only a late game on the NBA playoff ledger, I'm playing NBA2K 12 trying 2 win it w/ the Bulls. Cyber Derrick Rose is in perfect health
Have u heard of Bradley Manning ? Look him up b4 pontificating ;) Re:Acha, really? Without charges & trial?...
I'm thinking about rinsing my hair blonde but idk cuz my hair has gotten so long.
You can change the location by clicking on the gear (top left) while on the Popular tab. Type in Phoenix and you'll be good to go!
GOOD! Friday.
yeah why?
Thanks for the conversation and showing me around NYC and !
Poor thing.
Why do people have to be so difficult? ~ImAllOne~
No discussion is too broad for Twitter. It is an exercise in brevity.
:) We never finished that conversation either!
missin' basketball...need to get something done so I can watch my boy #drose tear it up again!
Hate no one; hate their vices, not themselves.
good point
time is flying... Let me know your grad plans.
Where do you put letters to boys?In a mail (male) box.
i feel like that second move is more likely to be approved by a credentialed exercise professional for inclusion. ooh snap indeed.
should finally burn me his dreamcast games.
You got some awesome swag man respect from sweden !!
I know right ..!! I miss you do much I wanna come visit
Watching the movie Due Date.
We won all the Reynolds over offically!! RT think the other sis might ACTUALLY come get lunch from you today!
I like to get all the info before offering congratulations. (belated) CONGRATS on your exciting news!! :)
": such language!" I just retweeted. I didn't actually put it.
buffalo trace is a decent whiskey and not overly priced.
Thanks ! Appreciate your support!
I see! the 2nd time around there may be more, so maybe I should give it another try
Better late than never, but never late is better~
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Blessed & highly favored!
Wal-mart late night is only yelling and screaming at the cashiers. Great, free entertainment.
just wait. I'm kicking you in the nuts during my wedding.
I want to reach as soon as Friday, to get out and enjoy a lot with my friends ... Heather,Jolie, , and my boo ! #very cool...
Had a successful&enjoyable day Reading at the Healers' Fair Unity Christ Church, in Surfside SC-The right place at the right time.
ugh I know, but I'm actually pretty good c: yourself?
Fuck i hate this place-_-
Thank I have no school today <U+0001F60D>
look out for my new song #WhatIDo prod. by off coming soon album
CONGRATULATIONS! on being closer to graduation. No pressure but you'll be expected to BIG and better things future CONA grad.
can i vacuum u
is wearing a lungi.
hey why were you singned out today
hahahahha direct messages! You see the blue dot on the right corner? On the one shaped like a man? Click on it
Oregon Coast Memorial Weekend Highlights, Events: (Oregon Coast) <U+2013> For three days, most of the work-a-day world just stops and vacati...
IRB exemption submitted. Major props to awesome colleagues willing to drop everything and review materials on short notice! :)
Also Knicks famous pay not to play players, Alan Houston, Steve Francis . . . these numbers are probably more shocking
OMFG when is my iOS5 update going to be finished!
i really like those pens with multiple color options
I cant wait to go blonde.(:(:
Sneezed and fart at the same time.. :3
your my inspiration for chasing my dreams. i hope to meet you one day so i can let you know that you have changed my life. :)
Morning wake up by a lil man babbling. I'll take that any day of the week
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Portugal. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
I'm with Ellen!
were the camera men in the bathroom, while peeing on the stick ??
Link me plz. RT Holy sh*t...just found out Jadakiss has a new mixtape out with DJ Drama!!!
RT follow back please
Do you still have our PJAS Bars from regionals? Best said you do. Thanks!
Well said! RT : There is nothing unfeminine about being powerful. Women have to get over it and be successful.
Probably in my all-time top 5 favorites.
Reading leads to witchcraft and lesbianism
This Is Just Crazy..! Im Mad I..Punched A hole In My Wall,Screamed At My Cat, And Screamed At The Neighborhood :(
Be the best ever.
If tweetcaster force close on me one more time. It's going to be r.i.p.for it
Good to know that. She already made you feel proud at this age. You are lucky!!!
I would like to apologies for any misappropriated messages that went out on twitter. I was hacked.
We would just now be learning about the environment in geography
In Denver for AERA. Just landed. Now to make the long trek from the Denver airport to actual Denver.
sorry, I stopped reading after I saw "geraldo".
I cn tell I'm tha only one that's a plus tho :-)
Cadence Named a Winner of the Prestigious UBM Electronics ACE Awards in the Software Ultimate Products Category
Sporting looked great against a very good DC United tonight. Finally got it done just in time!!!!!
New York's hottest club is Slinky...This club has everything. Rick Astley rick rolling, Google toilet paper, McGruff the crime dog..
I've been doin alright, just tryna get shit done. Where u go to school?
and that makes it an authentic bootleg!
hehe & I really like your flower arrangements!
Running out for lunch? ALL 4 Whole Foods in DC are donating 50% from the salad and hot bar to support
"Unless you want hotzpacho"
"sorry I texted you but I realized it didn't go through!" yes, I got you. I always start texting and get distracted by a dick too
im following boo
not even the emergency vet in Newington? Aren't you in Pmouth?
it smells like weed in mine... awk...
listening to on thanks to :)
OMG IMATS was amazing~ I got to meet Julie G and Queen of Blending! :) So fun!! I cant wait until next year!!!
i need your support.. for this fan page.. Thank You...
if you want to be the best... know the best... do what the best do.. and then do it better...
<U+201C>: Go ahead and talk behind my back, that just means I'm ahead of you, and while you're back there, kiss my ass.<U+201D>
congrats Haleigh!!! Can't wait to say I know a IU cheerleader lol <U+0001F603>
Don't stop believing....
iTunes would be allot better if would let people merge Apple id's.
sick and not feeling too great...... </3
We were at the other night. Really tasty, as always.
great review!!!!
we fucking wit you in the WISCO !!!
Of course! RT : Super stoked! thanks for making my day!
Just one but I forgot his username .
RT : Good Morning! Unemployed FHA borrowers to get year of forbearance in a change that may become industry standard:...
Hooray! I wish I were at a pool!
Follow me on INSTAGRAM my name is Leah_Boo
no, I will definitely take a look.
please follow me :) love you babe!! <3 tehee
Believe nothing you hear and only half of what you see.
yeah bro let us see the collection:-)
Can't wait!
Pankey transferring now. Remember when MD was going to have a solid squad next year?
My brother is so annoying <U+0001F616>
you sleep like your dead(: ( )
I couldn't agree more!!! Somebody needed to say it, and I'm glad that there are people like you on this campus!
: Hmph, we'd expect at least a Macintosh II
no..please..
with some Irish tea on this beautiful morning is really setting up my day, who are you listening to?
Great wisdom may resemble foolishness. ~Chinese Proverb
Two of the hardest tests in life: The patience to wait for the right moment and the courage to accept that you've waited for nothing.
Can't wait to be reunited with my bed!!!
Hey, there is Hot-sex, Group-sex, safe-sex, phone-sex, speedy-sex, crazy-sex and for people wid ur face - NO SEX!
Can't be anything but proud of the pacers organization...thank you and for that opportunity..proud of that team!!!
It's been a crazy rainy episode since Friday nite, I hope it does'nt rain today because I'd like to ride my bike to the library...
Being at my brothers lacrosse game makes me miss high school so bad! Those were the good ol' days
Gnight myspace!! just got in the door and im beat.
earthwalls to lower fuel costs from heating and cooling, raise highways to allow wildlife to pass...
Jaws on the floor. My mom is just so unfair. I quit trying to talk to her.
Don't waste a trial or the trail will and can waste you!
Can you teach me how to sing?
Bought a lottery ticket, that ought to make up for potential local and federal finding cuts.
I HATE FRIGGIN' HEADACHES..
RT : RT : Sine die! Georgia session over and anti-free speech bill #SB469 is dead! #WeAreGA!
Quest Atlantis now approved for install...tweaking presentation for tomorrow's meeting...Can't wait to use it with students!
#HappyBirthday ! In the newsroom, we are in the cake this week!
#Isles officially eliminated from POs. Fall to #Bruins 6-3
Skimmer won't stay logged in for more than a few seconds. Help?
driving thru the burbs at night is similar to being in a corn maze
Wow what a hottie! So jealous ;) ahaha
who watched the super bowl today?? did you guys hear in the ads?
is that you in your icon? :o
Ok. Advice: Never say I told you so. Just cross your arms, smirk and think, "Haha, BITCH!" at the person. :)
R.I.P. Bubba Smith!
thank u
Back at the gym #finally gettin ready for #JerzDay ;)
on show discussing the roles of cofounders
Chick stay on sm stingy shit...an then wonder why I stay lookin at some body elses juice box...gtfoh lol
Oh god. -.- She's probably like "Wait, whaaaa?"
Such a lovely day..hanging in the backyard with my friends and my family. Life is great.
does the coupon work in vancour because i was planning on going for a bike ride there and might need a place to eat but fir
Why the fuckkkk am I still awake right now?!??? #InsomniaProbz <U+E421>
S/O to the Bengals for a great first half
nicity and class, media research and criticism and Journalism practice and criticism.
I am pretty sure that is the same one. They open everyday and close at night.
u gonna stay up with B if we let him nap then watch #badgers game??
Do the right thing even if you have been wronged - it helps you sleep at night.
Cool! I can think of applications to my work, too. Please let me know when the script is up.
Looking forward to tonight's Central Committee meeting!
,i love u
#Blackparentsquotes a hard head makes a soft ass
A real man doesn't let weather dictate his moving plans.
Ayoo... This summer- This niqqa changing !
Good point! I also enjoyed the Mellencamp dig.
It's not who you know, but what who you know knows.
Voting to protect doctors who perform legal medical procedures is "extremist"? WTF.
I like the news
Hmm I just might go with the bangs! <U+0001F44D>
sorry Shane
u know it!!
ahh. So, short phrases, iambic. "coinage of my brain" etc.
Good morning everyone
"some of us are trying to work, so would you PLEASE shut the fuck up!? Thanks!"
you are someone so wonderful, you are my closest friend, and with this I promise, to love you till the end!
What's been up???
ditto...should be a good week!
yea bro!
Don't know your secret, but a tail is hard to hide :)
aw that's really nice ^.^ thank you so much (: so are you , and i like your hair! :)
men don't wear safely equipment or read instructions lol
Hurry the effffffffff up and graduate already!
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. <U+2014> Friedrich Nietzsche
lol I turned in on while I'm in the shower so I can sing.
Letting go not accepting anymore calls/text bc I fall back in everytime
THANKS for clarifying who CHARLIE is! I've been wondering about that!
#Favorite90sSong Nirvana: Smells Like Teen Spirit :D
I'm going to try to fall bck asleep b4 my dang alarm goes off
Even tho it's cold season, we got tons of Tank Tops, Board Shorts and Sandals thanks to RVCA!!!!!!
im on spring breaaaakk.(;
thanks for coming to my Social Media Marketing presentation last night. Hope you got some great take-aways.
I'm pretty sure I am not :( But while we wait, we can play SoulCalibur V :)
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. <U+2013> Napoleon Hill
My sister can have 3's but I have to have all 1's
so did you like it?:)
We move to another physical location. 6107 S.E. 15 street Midwst City, OK. Smaller, but just as powerful.
": S/O to my bro " S/O to Fidel :) Love ya bortha, you always bring
RT : Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep via
"falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there"...i swear this quote is monsterous
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. - Phillip Brooks
He lied. Shocker.
Happy Friday!
So can't wait till my divorce is final! Hmm maybe my honey & I will run away 2 Vegas 4 a wknd & elope wen both r divorces r final! :D
you should release the lyrics to Taylor issues so i can set them as my background <3
Strawberry has landed at !!!
what's your favorite color?
Central Florida for the weekend...
If the book isn't good after the first sentence, i won't read it
I am a Millionaire. That is my religion.
Thank you! Look out for my next blogs!
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with (That's Progressive Railroading Magazine.)
Kid: Can I plz go to the bathroom Teacher: Say your ABCs 1st Kid:ABDCEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ Teacher: Where's the P? Kid: Running down my leg
who communicates about email being down via email...my IT department apparently...
"Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives." - What are your goals for 2012?
Charles M. Schulz~ Dont worry about the world coming to an end today. Its already tomorrow in Australia.
You don't know what a hypocrite is? Buy a mirror bitch.
I definitely agree.
i found an old suite identical to yours! i'm rocking it for halloween!
word, dude. I need to order a thousand hangers. Are you feeling better? Hugs, not drugs
Or not
ah online shopping , , .. done for the week.. maybee
its all apart of the plan!!!
For the last time in 2009 - THANK YOU again for following Three Squares Greetings.
RT Optimist Club Gears Up For Cancer Walk On Saturday
Kiss me in front of everyone
I'm not looking forward to traveling tomorrow:-((( I hope there is NO long lines.
AH!!! Fresh seafood! I so miss it ...hard to find in landlocked TX!
Seriously cannot WAIT until and get here!!!
Thanks to everyone that tuned in tonight to Dr. Empowerment to hear Kevin's thoughts on Small Business IT Essentials
thats a good idea!! Thank you(: I'm just so nervous haha the presentation itself is a huge grade
k my bday is May 17 so i can:) when, an where and i will be there
Finally made it to my %10 goal! Totally living the points plus program!
He is mighty to save.
Thanks! I need all the help I can get :)
I'm trying to change the world, one life at a time...
give me give me give me some vampire money come on.....
thanks for the follow.
Awh that's so sweet Jake!!!:)
For those who follow , I'd recommend not using #HigherOne to receive refund. Just another way to rip off students.
A sinus headache and a sore back are making this a slow morning.
if only I could photoshop a I got 99!problems but a knife ain't one picture with 2 rolentos.
"': I'm the oddball of my family" hm...yeah true! & weird, annoying...(:' " Ha ha very funny -_-
Rather than new overhead, they should form a subgroup within NAHJ.
Excited to see tonight at dinner. Our bf's will definitely be neglected during our love fest.
Landed safely in Chicago.... Next stop airport #2 Miami! But first an hour and a half layover... :-(
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful <--- really? you're thinking about Directionators not Directioners. There's a difference
Oakland A's in town to play White Sox during #ABATechShow. Games at 7:10pm. 15 minutes to game by L. Monday night is half price.
No one likes me. I can't blame them... I don't even like me.
Thanks for a fun night- viejo perro!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways respect his lady
Smoke a blunt then kick it like kung fu
Congrats Marina Micari at Searle! She received NU Alumni grant to Reduce Social-Comparison Concern in Small Learning Groups
Watching Batman Year One!! Inner nerd is happy!
RT : By the way... Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football!
Let the hate and pain fuel you to your success
Hopefully all of the passionate progressives who didn't reach the finish line tonight continue onwards... we need them!
I thought we were past the whole 'being mean to each other to look cool in front of people' thing. Guess not.
Greensboro nc celebrates farmers, Carolina bbq at its best, chic smart denizend
Love the 2-tone trend?? Try this awesome DIY from !
March madness for the next hour in math class.
<U+201C>: just shows people really hate Floyd. What Pacquiao said is way worse.<U+201D> CoSign
The last day of ass
PPC Salary Guide via Infographic
S/O to Brittany's nasty pancakes she made at work!! LOL
Pretty sure to my immd right forgot a minor detail this morning ..a toothbrush...his breath incredibly horrendous...
Morning commuters really appreciate it when you honor their song requests.
Pullin on my shoulder' but cant hold a soulja down with ya, Colorado Kings aint the type ta share the Crown with ya
no not yet do you know when they go on sale
Funny, right? I love this new camera!
Lori Nix's 'The City': Dioramas Of Disaster - Huffington Post
K cool..
Mini-tour this January? LETSS GO
Happy early birthday Karen...
Thank you! RT <U+201C>: Brilliant lecture by at Klak last night. #thoughtprovoking<U+201D>
I'm heading there in April! Yaay! ": priced #BA ticket to London. $475..went to buy 10 minutes later, was quoted $1,300 #suspicious"
RETWEET Can anyone bring us a quart of oil? We need 10w30 for our generator.
Don't get wasabi in your cooch. Even if you're turning Japanese.
Kristin Cavallari and Ashley Tisdale face off wearing an Alice + Olivia skirt. Who wore it better?
Pizza extravaganza, check! Enjoy yourself and the quality fam time.
okay love you
That awkward moment when you use a twix in an awkward situation but it doesn't make things less awkward.
BerryLine food truck at MIT....I like it! You make our day!! :)
I have been craving pasta all week!
Just saw the best license plate cover..."When you live in denial anything is possible"
I never used the price guide, so I didn't miss it. Except for the cartoon inserts.
I'm more upset for Puck than Rachel now...
It's nice to see a Christian athlete that is open about their faith. Keep it up my man. And congrats on the win.
we should build a PCA for twitter people :')
trying to strip in your car while watches on <<<
Seeing my niece and nephew makes me so happy. (:
DEFINITELY. I can't go to school because I can't go into debt. So Im stuck without a college education. :P
That's a good problem to have!
memorial day weekend if my check is looking right!
I am a stay at home Dad, but after two days of my wife away I am in absolute wonder at the single parents out there, doing it right. Amazing
Is the water to deep for Chuck at Syphilis Pool Suites?
Oh, I think I'm going to enjoy this... #50Shades is still on my TBR pile.
Can't Wait!!
Some will keep lying afterward. You can provide six witnesses, video proof & a signed, notarized statement from their mom.
Rollerjam got cancelled because of the damage from Hurricane Irene. && they will have the rescheduled date up by 5.
Big Bang
Dozed off a minute had most amazing dream that I was in ocean with a friend seemed so real guess vacation is calling my name!
Weird mood weird mood! making weird noises all morning <U+0001F47D><U+0001F436><U+0001F42F><U+0001F428><U+0001F438><U+0001F42D><U+0001F439>
I look so weird without eyeliner.
and hit that seat upgrade
Me too! It would make my day if he sang that! Haha :)
why we must #alwayssaynever when says
Aww, thank you, Erica. Miss you, and hope you're doing well.
Sunday anxiety is already setting in, who wants to hang?
I love working with
I really wish that the #WordPress "write screen" had a way to create a 3rd column, rather than just 2. Def running into too many boxes
if you can that would be great well it depends on the price of the tickets you buy
UGH! Why is shopping online so easy? And why is cute underwear so irresistible?
Quality time with the fam:')
Need sleep tonight..last night my husband was putting on a concert in bed at 1:45 a.m..No Sleep...Gotta Love him
"Everything is better with lasers. Also, every word is better with 'tron' at the end."
They both rock, ha ha!
I'd love to see that list! I read that it's the purple prose king!
Governor of New Jersey to the Nets after their last game in the state before they move to Brooklyn: "Goodbye... good riddance."
Who should our next Dance Group of the Week be tweeps? wee need suggestions!
Saved #OOMF at the beach and broke into my bigs apartment for him since he was locked out
Thank YOU for the awesome high energy show!Special thanks for the moment of silence for our lost loved ones.
Well the high road is the classy route and more satisfying in the long run
- Welcome! I like your website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
tell mama mahone i love her!!! :)
Where my peeps at
major bummer. is having a server issue and my site is now down. glad to know it's not something on my end.
there's a time in our life when we have to move on.
same here
legacy cloud = fart
I luv VICTORIOUS, :-) PLEASE S/O ME
you sure you weren't hearing this chick behinds me music? Its so bad...
Are you getting these? I'm gonna try to post a picture of River on my site to see if it works....
Hoosiers! Dropped cash on street and multiple people stopped to pick it up and find owner....ME! Thank you!
<U+201C>: Is Rashad dating a tennis player?<U+201D>yes. Her name is Monica seles. He stabbed her in an attempt to flirt
Watch stream of senate in recess or turn on on ...well duh!!!
#ff keeping not a damn thing in "the cloud" and just buying some external HD's. Suckers. Giving your data away.
says that when she wasn't consistently commenting on her students' blog posts, they stopped putting in as much effort
The vikings pick is lame. Who are the Vikings protecting? Get a qb then draft a tackle.
guess what - we're more in love with you
oh fun! I've only played that one time!! :(
"Nobody likes me, everybody hates me, guess I<U+2019>ll go eat worms. Long, thin slimy ones short, fat juicy ones, itsy bitsy, fuzzy wuzzy worms<U+2026>"
Recyclers get expert help from mentors
Longest. Week. Evar.
omg you're so beautiful
Baby you should let me love you
We will draw one winner at random at 4:00. Good luck and happy reading!
Dave, can you send that? tools for learning!
thanks in no small part to you!! Here's to more! :$
good for you! have fun!
Stop by Kleven Contemporary in 2012...at least once so you can say you've been here...
U kno who gind find u! Sum old man fishin!!b.
Thanks, Owen. Appreciate the kind words.
Its cool to know we live in an age where superheroes are being arrested
yea but with a hair line like johns
Brock Trotter has 3 points (1g, 2a) and is +2 in plus/minus through three games with the St. John's IceCaps.
Hello NYC! Finally here , Laherte Freres Brut in the glass, crispy pig ears on the way. Life is good...
Lmao no I love my Broncos but you know we have no chance lol ": trader!!!!"
I'M SORRY BUT THAT WAS THE BEST WAY EVER TO ANNOUNCE WHAT TEAM YOUR SIGNING WITH.
ALREADY GOING!! Follow for me?!?! -MB
smartphone... in T minus 2 days... more twittering to come. i promise
We finally found real pita bread in #DFW! Sara's Bakery, 750 S. Sherman in
That works.
what about something less witty/stupid and more tough/angry? or i'm sure there is a perfect combination of the 4
Not good. Papelbon gives up single to right to Upton. Now facing Longoria who has two hits including a homerun and two RBI.
Head on down to #DCenter @ 218 W. Saratoga & join us for performances by young women as part of the 7th Annual Wide Angle Youth Media Fest.
Oh Swamplandia! You were so close!
this one guy you don't know
Let's hope this summer is gonna be amazing because this is my last teen hoot.
Turned me off, also. I was bar mitzvahed, Jewish fraternity in college. Whole 9yds. Now? Turned off after my Dad died in 1989.
this morning
I'm still on an emotional thrill ride since seeing Kittie, Blackgaurd, and Bonded By Blood yesterday! Gah! Why can't shows last forever?!
Thanks for adding me so quickly. Dbag....
8 is definitely better than 12.
Richard Shaten shaking his beard & playing a few songs too right now at Ivory Room!
my bad thought you were at it again. Launched the iPad and loaded an old semi-apology. Maybe it's time to stir it up?
I've got mother's day planned: wine tasting & brunch. Yummy. My mom, a former box-wine drinker, now wine-club sophisticate, will love it.
rather build around 35 year old Pierce.. Or around 26 year old, 2nd in NBA in assist Rondo. Ask any free agent
I haven't watched since the Reggie days...but pulling for them!
thanks for your tweet - made my day. The commercial was my first foray into TV for Urbanspoon.
Remember back in the olden days when we used wood-burning stoves and AOL?
Haha. Jaret is fucking on top of it! Tomas, we all miss you.
- I'm so over the moon about it
<U+00AB> na you got this baby lol I know that for a fact! :)<U+00BB>thanks gorgeous <3 i feel 10x confident now.
Agreed RT: ESPN please take note, do NOT rank us high in the preseason poll next year. Make us low as hell so we can earn it
my boss just came from we have a bunch in the office.
well I need to talk to him so I can find out when I started working there so I can file for unemployment.
Ah that must be it! Thank you for your keen observations and for being an inside man in the hood community for so long
the amount of coffee i drank so far this week is unbelievable!
I was just outside draining pool-again-it ain't pretty out thar-hope it blows past quick.
RIP, Big Man. your music will certainly be missed.
*Stands up and raises arms in white suit from Bruce Almighty* The night.... awaits you....*Creeper grin*
i dont think i could live without skittles!!!!
no estaba era u.u
Used for 4 years, k cool. Now its done
2 chainz an champagne, you want true that's true enough
Successful kid napping, I mean adult napping Happy birthday Bon Bon!
graduating today ! Congrats
Great work by outgoing MSCHE chair Dr. Michael Middaugh on keeping msche current, relevant, & sustainable. A great communicator!
I got hoes in different area codes.
<U+201C>: aw your so sweet <U+0001F60A> #loveyou<U+201D> love you too <U+0001F61A>
No! That's awesome. Are you both in Pleasant Hill?
I did. Thanks
#thingsthataresexy Girls with a hobby, chuck's, blue eyes and dark hair, vampire fans, being pale, angst without a cause, me, you, us, them.
wassup with that show?
Trying to go to sleep
the funny thing is, it WILL all work out in the end. we will live in star trek. next generation of course. the bald guy is cooler
Sittin @ wakemed its only 3ppl here so I should b n & out, I should of gotten some breakfast lol
hello to you as well
Jesus Christ!!!!!!! No one picks up there phone when you need them most D:<
Tonight...mastering what we know...and making it work every time!
#iDONTSUPPORT schools removing art programs
Att: Randy Barone... worked with you in Detroit (WXYZ) early 80s - Barbara Warshaw Kenig (Baby Dell) says hi!
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Begins 8/27/09 Pay-What-You-Can Preview tonight, Aug. 27 at 8:00pm. 1201 N.Royal St. Alexandria, VA
Putting together Saturday night's V-Day bash at Hooligan's.. got speed dating, truth or dare affair, & spin the bottle so far.. got ideas?
Just curious. You ever do Lady Gaga? :-)
Did you know that scalp does regenerate?! The cycle of hair growth happens every 28 days! Happy Friday!
Money orders are a massive pain in my ass!
Still can't believe Philly pulled an 'Inside Man' on Boston. Their 1st quarter was like watching 'Hoosiers'
Seriously. I am fit to be tied, you guys. #Beat LA
You know when your life seems pretty good but then something comes in and is so great that all those "good" times before suck now?
That news of yours was 100 century months old. This is 2012 and not 2006. A great loss, may her soul rest in peace.
I do not feel to do my test it is hard I really want you to follow me OMG I was about 2 get in trouble..
So why is there a missing sign up of my cousin & they are stil looking for him , but i just hung with him !?
No bueno. How are u doin? U coming out tonight? RT hey guy BFF... Lol
Portland Police: Occupy Portland folks calling on reinforcement, stock-piling weapons.
had :-) a great time last night at Tricky Bizness studio. Thanks for looking out Seantre!!!!! lets go
Hot and spicy or sweet and mild?
Griffin Foods shoot day 2.
I am so thrilled you chose me to be your babies godmother (father). I won't disappoint! Love you and Nicki!
The sun is trying to peek out! Happy Saturday. Coffee run at Beverly hills!
The worst song of all time is BY FAR Don Mclean's American Pie. Please. Drive the chevy off a cliff. That song sucks.
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you! No one can make fun of you better than you can
MMA Girls! We were asked by HotTopicTelevision 2 reach out 2 our fans 4 a documentary. They r seeking fighters wives, girlfriends,ring girls
Just had to air that dirty laundry, now back to work.
no but he has a great voice :)
the A40s are wireless though?? The only part that aren't is the mix amp...
My boss bought us snacks. Everyone skipped the chips and cookies and went straight for the prunes. I'm staying the hell out of the bathroom.
1234 aha! Never gets old
Does anybody know someone who can paint a full body cut out you can stick your head through and have your photo taken?
Make this game stop. Sweet Christ!
The awkward when you already said "moment" in your mind before you read this.
hopefully we'll see your cool threads at on July 23rd.
You put in distance though.
Thanks Mrs. C, 2nd grade, for teaching me the value of mistakes, and all my teachers, for inspiring me to be one myself.
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
On the ground in DC. So this is what summer feels like...
Corbin: It's getting a little more intense. I'm excited but I'm a little nervous at the same time.
: On Earth Day, Fox News criticizes "nature" for being "not very friendly to human beings." Is today comedic Monday on Fox?
it helps when you don't add the extra 's' ;)
Perhaps we need to approach it like NPR - ask for donations for folks that find value in the interpretive services provided
At work so lost right now
You're off the hook for camera time. :)
Depends on the daughters age and if her true passion is acting. College isn't for everyone.
And the house hunt BEGINS! Just found a place in arlington with a pool and its in my price range. BONER.
OMG you guys have no lives! RT : Me and stalk on twitter and in English... <U+0001F633>
Lmao when says "neat o" :')
proper light is always an issue... Can't wait until I can make the photography studio a reality.
All found under the Insights on the Admin panel.
Believe in yourself.
This inch of rain we're getting today would have made for a nice snow storm.
bahaha, time to invest in a new one then! lol
your welcome:)
When you finish reading "The Borrowers,"
r those new Nike jerseys?
: do umps look at tape, compare notes? 'cuz League still isn't getting that early strike
Love it!
Wendy's urge wins again.
Poor lady just shattered her iPhone right next to me.
My boy has finally joined the twitter world...follow that clown
I have 5 "Kindles" (devices and apps) and was surprised that each one only seemed to knew about its own docs.
Where is all my people at?
A driver crashes his car..and takes off running. More on this police pursuit through Charlottesville on 19News Nightcast @ 11.
Thanks for the RT!
I've been pretty good. Enjoying unemployment for now, haha. I miss you too though! We should hang out sometime soon.
knows his high risk higher return stocks
thank you b/c as you know, it's needed.
Elliott Gould is right up there, but I think Bruce edges him.
Why the sad face?
Spring change is in the air. Just Walk is scheming and making big plans.
RT : In India monthly internet access costs 2 weeks of salary. Low cost tablet tries to deliver Internet at price of mobile phone
Where did the subjunctive go? Shouldn't it be "if I WERE your boyfriend"? Is being grammatically correct uncool?
Doing some SM work for a company that I think would resonate with you. Check out if you get a minute.
In a fog...meds please kick in! Need to get better for the BIG 30 for and
"Set goals in order to reach them! Believe that those goals are within reach!
I had So much fun tonight!!! Best way to kick off summer? So what now....
Looks like #chocolate and #homemadeeats are the popular choices for #Valentine'sDaygifts
Of course blowing crap up is always fun.
Attorney Journal is pleased to announce that William Berman of Berman & Riedel, LLP will be our cover feature story for December 2011!
My sisters are crazy
what is wrong? Glad to hear the first one was a success
then lets go >:)
great post!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool: I'm so tired I can't even think.
they played your song this morning!!
Grilling out, my neighborhood out here in Hilliard is having some sorta block party going on a couple of streets over. I hear a garage band.
The traffic I have to sit thru on Cicero just to get me a sandwich from Potbelly's
Art in the lobby of the Tehran Hilton by Madi Lanier, a Jewish refugee from Berlin who worked as a window dresser in NY....
Yeah! Patriots!
See you tonight at 8 in the Living Room.
Yea it's scary how expensive college is, especially since I'm determined to study abroad
so pumped for this #hotincleveland mixtape finally someone recognized the love the city was built on July fourth can't wait!
Oh, no: home sick today. A chance to pray and feel some peace.
Can the Lakers get a road win against any team that doesn't have Methuselah starting at point guard?
RT It's true!!!! RT : "To Own a Hyundai Is to Love a Hyundai". that's what InvestorPlace.com reports.
Dappa,bout to rock it at the "after dark" with Mr. Kee. Its packed on a damn tuesday. Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday. Kee got it pack
exactly! Gotta dream, right?!?! It just has 'peace' written all over it! :)
Which session was it? (Hoping it was ours -- thought Kate T. had some great ideas for further research!)
Just Woke Up From Ah Deep Sleep!
Bye bye NYC. Thank you for 15 glorious years. Xo
they probably won't be able to but PASOK may try to be more leftist & form a coalition with them, the Dem Left, & Communists
I dont think jesus christ is a healthy obssession
This weather in NJ is insane! Three days ago 75 degrees today less than 50. Glad I haven't turned off my heat!
Hope all my wonderful friends had an amazing weekend!
Wiz Khalifa-Ink My Whole Body !
At Seaworld! Hot!!! My iPhone was stolen yesterday & lost all contacts :( having fun though!
thank you(:
#Crew96 RT The internal flame of loyalty never flickers for fans of the beautiful game.
Today's trip w/ & was worth putting a suit on for. We met #winning incarnate.
no! i would NEVER call you a hoe! see...just look @ this. This is the job- now here's ur experience::::::You're just overqualified...see? :D
Another beautiful day in the #ROC looking forward to getting outside!
thiis wet seal told me not to come to gardner webb
Cant Wait till 2maro...My Day with My Mom...............and sahkari i guess
lol I'll have to order some for Easter! How are you?
She's a waste of space.
If you attend an event with complimentary snacks, and it's obvious there is only enough for each person to have one, why do you pick 3?
correction!!!! You mean you just choked on soda :)
I think it would benefit CT if TBS starting airing repeats with episode 7 and pretend the first 6 don't exist.
happy day of mom this great ;) i love u mom
The perfect title for my current map: "Iceland: Unpronounceable Beauty"
Thanks for following me! Tune in to The Savvy Money Show airing weekly on iTunes & www.blogtalkradio.com.
Can save up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
to promote your own agenda.
haha very funny lol and i have a craving for bean & cheese burritos RT me too:( I want three tacos and a chicken quesadilla
Happy Birthday!
Well Dontari Poe get ready to get your ass kicked by Peyton Manning! Welcome to the NFL kid!
why!?! You're amazing!!!!! Never give up!!!
OMG we lost another legend, a disco legend, Donna Summer :( wtf
love the avi
nope everyone is laime!!!! I know where Belgium is I'm a history teacher lol
See me as music and the things I say I only talk the truth
<U+201C>: congrats, very cool!<U+201D>>>>>>Thanks my friend! Hope you have a wonderful week. Hugs! Q.
good idea!
Freaking amazing, can't wait to see a documentary on the trip, Cameron really walks the walk!! When is he going to the moon??
Ice cream :)
Joe Just Said I Should Be His Girl. Lol, *Jamila Gets Weak Inside*. Too Bad Huh?
Singing is so much harder on a Sunday morning when one loses that extra hour! Happy the evenings will be lighter now though :)
At work again 363 days till marriage last chance ladies J/K. Way to happy with my boo. Hopefully time flies at work today
Happy Birthday ! You don't look a day over ageless.
6 papers, 3 finals, and less than two weeks til i graduate from college
Oml, I want Denny's!
The rest of them better wear helmets
Happy National Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
Over 75 percent of people get their news from social media such as Twitter. If your reading this consider yourself informed.
waits patiently for virtual high five....
One who starts earlier, may become number one.
I know the feeling. My girlfriend lives on another planet.
You're welcome -- great work!!
Blood sweat and tears, homie I'm made of it.
I feel like everyones out there living their lives going crazy and I'm stuck here with the same damn routine. -___- #cravingadventure !!!!!!
No, I am not tired. I just forgot to comb my beard.
Enjoyed "Bad To The Bone" by George Thorogood on Pandora
it better be my face you're getting tatted on you!! haha
Ha. Suess is always related
Hahahaha you know its bad when the orioles fans stand up and cheer and clap....
#brooklynlager isn't on draft at the bar anymore..
Success is not only a fact that happens to others,it's something that definitely can happen to you.
": *clears throat* HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE WORLD'S OLDEST OOPS I MEAN GREATEST BIG SIS EVER :-P" Thank you cow lol!
Brauny's first career 3 home run game!!
oh... Ok, I get it. Not enough of a fan that it's the first thing I think of, apparently. Hee haw.
didn't you start prop d? Flip flipping later?
Have gotten to "Referred to Selecting Official" several times- Not even a phone screen interview. BTW >400 apps since May.
#LANL has 60 fixed, on-site air rad monitors and state Enviro Dept has several around LANL. EPA portable monitors en route now.
I love you so much,
On set shooting in Rhode island
didn't even know what awesome was until awesome arrived. Happy birthday to the awesomest !!
This Day in History: April 20, 1972
Wondering if ever made that video for ECU?
#SIIIIIIIKKKKEEEEE gotcha bitch ass
Love it when a big project comes back from the printer. Hate it when a key detail is missed, in spite of several checks and reassurances.
Scheming.....patiently waiting.
That crown of gold wasn't the Victory that Vyserys thought it would be-not that he's thinking that much these days.
So done.
That's foul how the Spurs using the "mob deep" theme music after the Knicks bench called their-self mob deep. And Jenobli hit the 3
I just condensed the people im following. No offense I just dont want the same thing from 20 different people.
Team rankings were too small on my bracket to read so picked my teams "blind."
&#39;Bohemian Rhapsody&#39; <U+2014> family carpool jam
Dealohhh.com is currently looking for two sales reps for our Tampa Office. Inbox me for details. Serious Inquires Only
well I said I'm sorry so many times babe, idk whatelse to say?! I told you if we got back together I wouldn't!
when is the plane ticket ready?
You are on fiya! :)
Andy will play the role of savior once again.
You are welcome! Hope you had a great holiday!
OMG YES.
That was a bad call
Thanks again, , for sponsoring #HackingEdu!!
Girl 1: blah blah blah (joke) Girl 2: AHAHAHAHA -looks up every word in the joke- See this is my life
"fuck bitches, get money" might actually be the best advice ive ever heard
mother nature has cruel april fools jokes...snow...in spring?!?!
lls mike, if u ever seen any!
o whatever lol I like a lot of different music he's just my favorite :) always has been.
Beer BQ time
Comedian Joey Kola is coming up...one of the funniest men alive.
Once when I wake up
Everyone has been working hard to make it a great day! Even new carpet installed in the conference room! Looks great!!
Thanks for the follow ! See you round the hood.
Do u know if mom got the car
r u following back?
I think I just got hit on. On the kennedy. In traffic.
lol snoop gone pull a no show
For the Lord grants wisdom! From his mouth come knowledge and understanding. Proverbs 2:6
The Mind is a Funny Thing, Don't Believe Everything You Think.
"Whatever life gives you, even if it hurts, just be strong & act like you're okay. Cos strong walls shake but never collapse"
Yo, y'all gonna get up off me though. LOL
Looking forward to its rating...
If you have ever used the cell number ending in 8542, it is going offline this weekend. DM or email for other number if you need it.
Ya Ex ALWAYS seem to pop back up as soon as u forget about 'em. -_-
Write thank u notes 2 your best professors. No other gifts required.
a profile photo! this is strange, since you've been "spring branches" to me for so long. :-)
have fun Matt! Safe travels!
Best way to spend Christmas Eve: on couch with watching classic Looney Tunes.
well, that I do understand. My 'toy' was broken so bad in 2k9 that my husband could kill me by playing with it IgnoranceIsImmoral
i wasnt eavesdropping..
im excellent and how are you?
big fan of yours since the early days -- I'll be on the lookout for Big Hurt Beer next time I'm in Chicago!
Ha! fa sho! As long as he promises not to grind cupcakes into my carpet again...
Haha. Realized i replied to the wrong person: I said "I think he can get a pass on cyberinfrastructure" though a teachable moment?
Quick question. What's your favorite Boston Skate Spot?
Awesome! I havent decided if Im gonna compete or not, of course I will be doin bikini but if I do then have to meet!!!
Omigosh!! was really in their tiny chat! And I thought you guys were lying...smh. I'm too quick to judge....
Exactly him but the exact opposite of him.
I don't know if I'll ever get used to the thought of hip-hop artists dying from natural causes.
>>> You Welcome
Prayer for FUSION tonight 7pm at Nitro Christian Fellowship!
Just finished watching american idol:) I can't believe that girl's first kiss was :'O
An Apple a day keeps the doctor away.But . . . an onion a day keeps everyone away.
Ill looookk. I'm 12 away from 700. -dies-
RT : RT : Today's attendance: 19,087 - The third-largest #mubb crowd of all time. Thank you Marquette!
Crazy man..that guy will never see the field
Probably not going to help. I always work out in the gym at night and now I'm wide awake as ever :(
has free chicken wings today @ Babes on Schroeder Rd! Visit www.phreeps.com
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! <U+2665> i love u vic
yes you are
Shit just got real..
DM your email addy...& # I will email you information.:)
Saw an add for a Red Bull fruit smoothis
Won the first game today and then only lost to 's team by 15.
I look forward to tonight. Finally a good werewolf show on tv.
was it just a drawing a a hand flipping the bird? if so,
If you're like me and like be the first to know about good new music then check out
Hahaha I just heard a guy tell his daughter "stop stepping on your shadow!"
haha as long as I'm prettier!
: poor baby:( lol so now r u comin 4 spring breakk.. u better. I'll show u a good time.. O yea lol
haha yup! My only day to sleep in.
no one was more shocked than I when I discovered I wasn't following you. Now my life is complete.
Tune in
#shawfacts When Shaw gets a Penalty the refs go into the box
I already have a GF I just love a good laugh with strangers
some days are definitely better than others...
you light skinned niggas are out of style I thought you knew that already
it shoud be!
Great Lakes Market Wheat - a slice of Bavaria in a glass! Nice clovey spice notes; very refreshing and more-ish.
At least I can look down and see my ankles, lol.
whatever. you guizesssss still love me. I don't give a fuqqqqqqq ~
Yeah you better. What you need is someone to help you not think about being sick :)
Rock Bottom Brewery: Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
Aloha! The conference is going well. I hope I have time soon to explore and tour the island.
What "shit" did I say about her?
Thanks, that's two votes for the LU-21. How horrible-sounding are the painted ukes?
So, heard you go off on this morning. Showed how thin-skinned, hypocritical and insulated you are. He was right
*clinches asshole way beyond tight*
Everyone go follow !!!
Countdown to the #worldcup final. Spain vs Netherlands, gotta love this football matchup!
Friday Fun Fact: The first <U+201C>Mother<U+2019>s Days<U+201D> were meetings of local mothers whose sons had fought or died in the Civil War.
I wish would stop singing...<U+0001F612>
como no lo creo!!!! Palomo no
We are going to have to move the feeder. It made me sad to see it.
those days were legit.. lol. That would make an hour && a half zoom past. Lol
this one right her is for my niggahs on they block
RT : Just left that meeting with #1 is to bring swagger back to this city and I'm positive he can pull it off
Didn't even know there was a foreign version. If it's not american, I DON'T BOTHER. I bleed red, white and blue, brother.
Adrienne Palicki is Wonder Woman. Thoughts?
One important thing I<U+2019>ve leaned in life is that I don<U+2019>t need to have an opinion about everything and probably shouldn<U+2019>t.
I'm so happy to see such a big response for new song Hiq Vich Jor - Bhagat Singh. Hard work pays off. Thank you for the love!
Watching the season finale of The Bad Girls Club. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
Closing early ...nine o clock ...
Change of plans (post workout)! Mr 's in town and I'm excited to get a drink with him in Santa Monica :)
birthday in one day
I want to design a solar-powered lawnmower!
watching# world series
Packer fans, take note. MT : Just got the confirmation. LeRoy Butler on Twitter -- follow him
agreed. But that was a new low for even Barton.
follow me?(:
yeah why didn't I put Just Blaze? Brain fart. Also trying to sound like I still pay attention to rap producers.
GOAL! Lindenwood converts on the 2 on 1 to pull back to within one. 17:09 left. 3-2 Delaware lead
Coming from the guy that struck out against Margo Meverdan?
I would be with you every second of every day.
Valley Passage in Men Valley
Congrats on the engagement! Your going to be a beautiful bride, I'm happy for u both!!
Feels good to be back in Dorch, and of course I have a busy day ahead of me
90 mins into the show & we get DLR solo plucking a guitar while telling stories about his sheep & cattle dogs as an intro to Ice Cream Man
actually, our skin starts to boil
Ximedica's David Fink: Per FDA, medical device designers need 2 understand - & test - "human factor" & anticipate user errors.
Having a weird day
If I grab a quick post-work drink with colleagues at Ale Mary's will I be required to go to confession this weekend?
Absolutely! You know I'll be thurr.
Ok, but this guy better #BallSoHard like he says he does!
that's a funny one
meeting with trill chick tomorrow
greetings from USA back to you Danny!
Have a wonderful day, lovely lady!!!!!!
New Tweet Peeps! Thanks for following , @ PreacherLyons
Proud of myself..cause I'm feeling myself..
lit circles are close,need element of asynchronous instruction to complete the cycle
Wat yell gettin into this weekend
Intense 6 inning going on down at the cell.
I found a yoga/writing retreat! Now that would probably work for me.
that ink is crazy Antrel. God Bless
RT : nice to see you back on twitter. Thought we lost you lol.//Away temporary only. Thank you.Good to hear from you.
i wish! i started my morning with pretty much the opposite: elliot smith
I recently looked into whether it is true that an academic once thanked "four very special squirrels" in her book's acknowledgements. It is.
Don't forget to wipe baby's gums with a soft cloth after a bottle or nursing. It helps keep them healthy and clean for those precious teeth!
lOl! Gone make it a mission.
but the nausea is still free.
"I wanna daance... in love. And dancce... again." , , you kids have me hooked.
Even if the call stands (in which case, it's BS) I'm happy that McCarthy listens to the fans/owners of Green Bay #ReverseTheCall!!
Shallon shut up
I didn't think of it that way, but it's so true. Def sad.
S/O to the Howard J-School students who won scholarships at the WHCD
installing latest #telerik releases
"It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." ~J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
I am hot
I did hear it on Potus!
PRISCILLA AHN JUST POSTED ON OF OUR VIDEOS!
Waiting to play a Step 3 tournament on UB. My goal is to go the WSOP Main Event this year. 1 Step 5, 2 Step 4's, and 3 Step 3's.
#bbcqt that banker kid in the audience, save yourself and stfu !
In the past 24hrs I've been to far too many home improvement stores!
watching some movie on tv.
The #Romney hair cutting incident reminds me of old videos of guys tackling people/w mullets, while chanting "Cut the mullet"- ah good times
Everything iss..soo....perfectly...sliced....:D *orgasm*
RT : I have the same problem telling the difference when Luke Babbitt goes in. (When does Babbitt go in?)
I hate sneezing.
You're welcome! Aloha!
Everything is purple.
you welcome love :)
Im really into taylor swift songs right now . >
I don't understand how dudes can be dead beat daddy's smh. I love my lil girl so much!
FIGJAM? Why do you hate Phil Mickelson? I don't get it.
Thank you NEW & CONTINUOUS FOLLOWERS!! Do appreciate the support. ;)
nice to see you in this universe!
SO OVERDUE to visit you. Just joined meetup to remind me of your Monday night events. I will get there eventually!!!
I can understand that! Most of my friends who were using it have done the same.
U STALKED MY TWITTER
So far we're undecided about the Might possibly have a joint representative with at the conference.
Never eat empty tacos!
thanks for stopping by the store yesterday Dave and Troy!! Black Friday
2 workshops this week- CD Jandiz Estrada & Talent agent Judy Boals. Two wonderful ladies as passionate about their job as I am about acting!
I promise still, I got your back....
<U+201C>: listening now. great song...ur vocals are amazing<U+201D> <<Thank You B, Miss ya..;)
Thank you! facebook.com/fitforthepart
I wanna know what turns you on girl (;
Next week around this time everyone should be at the Reds game
>>>you were great as usual... and I were way n the back #crowded!
in the end I was so blind I had to have surgery
Leftover spaghetti for lunch, yum?
Let it go lol RT : Think I'm gonna go back to school. University of Hawaii sounds good to my ears.
Half-time, FIFA Women's World cup, no goals (though US has plenty of shots, Japan, a few too.) 0-0.
Shut up! :P I'll push your ass off.
And I love me some Derek Rose. But the kid missed almost HALF of an already short season. And he got votes.
Formal is friday, I should probably go find a dress?
Breakfast Pizza, Almond filled Crepes Suzette! Brunch on the Patio. Brewers at 12:35, PRICELESS!!!! EAT LOCAL AND EAT WELL.
imma try being here a lot ok lol so how was today ?
That's the best kind of book. I've kept both editions (1991 and 2008) on my shelf. Katz's work on those eds. is just great.
Wow radically different battle plans between Kyle and Augie. Both have sound reasoning. Guess it's up to execution. Exciting.
Seeking a Records Manager in #NJ with DARM experience. Contact me for details!
that's nice <3
The Academy Award goes to...
Snow in the northeast, great for watching the games...
#confession i think im falling :) in a gud way :P
2 Grills. That is all.
Ugh so many memories made on the welcome to paradise tour. BABY COME BACK
Ur still here bc u can't stand to be away from me that long! It's ok u can admit it! LOL
Hm not feeling well today and don't know how I'm going to finish what needs to be done. Time to lay down & pray hard to the man up stairs.
burned 172 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
It's a big win for many reasons. Can't go down 0-2. Gained home court advantage. Gave the young players confidence.
Who will be the 4th team to join the Pats, Ravens, and 49ers next weekend - Pack or G-Men?
PDI 2011: No. 1 reason junior lawyers do not heed career advice- conflicts w/ other advice
thanks for the tweet!
well I dunno about you but the Caps beat Philthy Philly last night. So C-A-P-S! Caps! Caps! Caps!!!!!
Well, they don't actually call it Consulting 101 (my words), but that's pretty much what it is. Corporate terms abound!
Only two hours until Said The Whale, We Are The City & Kristin Gaerlan. Starts at 8, don't be late!
I miss Ricardo Montalban. :(
What a beautiful day to work on
I love the Clayroom! Great place to make special holiday gifts. Say hi to Prudence & the Clayroom team.
thank you!!
<U+201C>: let's not bag on North Carolina. Groovy, liberal, open-minded CA did #Prop8. Enemy is fear, ignorance & special interests<U+201D>
I wish my professor taught class outside on beautiful days.
Thank you Jake! RT : really digging Suno Suno, great job!
My 2 favorite things together, and Nascar. It's going to be a great weekend. :)
Looks like Kloppenburg just picked up votes in the latest count - appears to be up by 350.
: tell you what.? Lolz
Sorry I didn't; had to get out asap out of fear for my life
I wish you would reply to me, just prove me wrong & make my day.
Observe, my slightly younger cohort: these men have shown themselves cowards being due to the nonexistance of scofflaws in the half measure!
CRAZY BUT TRUE.. I LOVE YOU <3
I have the biggest smile on my face [:
Stay tuned. There's a "little" surprise coming.
I love when my friends text me back...NOT!!!
Ok I guess it's cute to see kids get their free comic books.
Last day in my office...start working from MI<U+2665> Tues! ah!
hell yeah snoopaloop!
pats all the way! Giants vs pats the sequel
That's okay. As long as you know all the words to Did It On'em you're a good enough fan. :)
Great, now the Tar Heels will be angry when the Badgers come to town on Wednesday. I wanted Bucky to hand UNC their first loss!
Go get 'em tiger. ;) Have you been running?
I love your icon. its so cute <3 Congrats on the RT from Justin. Follow me back? :)
if your penis isn't Mr. Jones, what IS its name?
well.... come see me.
omg I want more lol ! Dude wats varsity fanclub ?
#Japan are level!
i wonder if hard wood is pretti wen its on fire
38th street and Indian school anybody want to go after!!' the Best Nosh board in town
Doing well, haven't had much to tweet about I guess. Drew is def growing fast. Anything new?
May 15, 1896: The #StPaul Saints, play their 1st home game at Aurora Park, beating the Grand Rapids Yellow Jackets 17-0.
years later a doctor will tell me I have a IQ of 48 which some people consider mentally retarded
agree the principle is at the crux of issue. I encourage those detractors to live in Toledo, OH a few years.
shout out to
Love watching #eurotrip with my grandparents :)
lol still have the same number??
<U+201C>: Decisions are the hardest move to make, especially when it's a choice between where you should be and where you want to be.<U+201D>
ayy bitch make me a sandwich!:)
that's my plan !
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
damn true man damn true
In case it helps, I'm not having any link problems with the links you tweeted out. :-)
109* high here yesterday and our ac went out! It's pretty steamy in here right now...
"He's cute....she's cute too." LOVE being with
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher.
yea I just walked there.. And that's awesome haha hopefully they weren't creeping to hard
The awkward moment when one of your friends says Justin is ugly so you show them your sexiest pic of him and they know it's cute but deny it
My apologies to any followers who got hacked e-mails from my account. Thank you Twitter for alerting me.
Oh, it sure is! It affected my life in ways I couldn't have even imagined at the time. I basically had to quit playing sports.
": God is good. Was in an accident earlier today but except for a mild headache I am fine. #grateful"..GodBless you my friend...
Good Morning!! Going to be a great half day of work....
I live my life by one motto and one motto only
idk thats not what del cuadro told me but watev hey no one call or txt me , the cops still have my phone
hahaa shit's expensive there too huh? same with miami -.- lol
Janet Jackson reveals new, slimmer bod - USA TODAY
Suspect I'm missing something. Agree; offline would be better.
When presenting a concern to upper mgmt, bring a solution or be ready to be told to go find it.
Sick buddies FTW :) hahah
good to hear :)
I wont lie but i have no service at the oment
its not the voice in the singer, its the singer in the voice HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN, AND RESPECT TO AUSTIN
I am feeling really Hostile right now.. Smh -- I hate people that try and use others -- umm um GNite <U+2022> nap b4 work
It's shit. And if you "enjoy" watching it, you're shit by proxy.
the bears and bucs - really? you giving the tickets away?
Awesome. Next step, get girlfriend.
The primary question the video raises for me is, Why is Katehi still employed by UCD?
Nice try fooling me but it didn't work because it is April Fools
utter nonsense Ron.
I have a funny feeling the are gonna leave tonight with a hard earned road victory. Go
Just finished making a million cookies looking ahead to my daughter's "Tea Party" birthday party - my house smells ridiculously fabulous.
I know. Mine is like a Black power manifesto haha
yes they r!<U+0001F60D>
You know they're trying to be funny when they start with . . . See what had happened was .
Gotta watch what I'm tweeting now cuz its forwarding to my FB...
I'm glad i made it thru these past 2month with erthing I needed 2 accomplish with the motivation from my son,his mother +family
Titanic- the movie was bigger than the ship.
but really to the line, " I'm going to make do much fun of you when you're 18." me and cashier cracked up. High-5 for mom's w/ a dark wit.
So when & throwing that pool party :) #Bowwownation #TeamBreezy let me know
Not sure if Saks was the best fit for this TV show. IJS...
I dont feel I have too ^-^
Yea fuck the world
I love sleep, but never get it!
Went outside for a half hour at work today and I'm already sunburnt. That's the life of a ginger!.
Anytime for a fellow, passionate trainer :) You're in Yuma??? Why did I think you were in Indianapolis? Moved?
On the plane with Juliette Lewis...yeah the homicidal maniac from Natural Born Killers. CHYEAH
Found a notebook in my bed. Apparently I woke up in the night to write "Novel Writing 2: Back in the Habit."
Weird Al is ok when he pokes fun at songs I don't like, but he needs to back up off my favs. :-/
We have a spring break trip!!! To mississippi
just heard you on Madison radio - welcome to the isthmus. Go badgers!
yep, just guessing. And you'd need to client-side subtract them from results for a more pure geo search
First cousin marriage is legal in #NorthCarolina?! #fail #equality "All it takes for [hate] to triumph is for good men to stay silent."
No matter how strong of a person you are, there's always someone who can make you weak.
no where near there n happy to say that!!! Lol...
dam i really thought about it and your crazy! Not only are you a SEAMONSTER but a ZOMBIE !
Heading out to provide limousine service to for our event here at noon. Sadly, the Porsche is in the shop ;)
Is it me, or did it get dark at like noon today?
how many fouls we got to give?
If FOX is hiring new moles, I am very good at pretending to work while really doing other things on the company computer.
"Class A" has nothing to do with the tenants who live in the building, it's a financial classification.
Visit us tomorrow at the Lake City Pioneer Days! 9:00AM - 5:00PM. We'll have a booth setup with the latest in our conservation efforts.
Announced I'm gonna dart that man, kidnap him, make him marry me in Vegas & chain him to my bed. They're jealous he's getting a green card.
And when you're not feeling special on your special day? Threaten to unfollow anyone who doesn't wish you a happy Bday!! Haha!!
thank you for following
To be a backup? Not likely.
I'd like to think he was literally caught in the doors and not actually in the elevator.
Brendan Ryan REALLY sucked in hitting
expired Costco card, they don't take credit cards and down graded my membership. Out alive thanks to
I love coming into work on a beautiful Saturday, only to leave a voicemail...
Hi dear i love ur background. God bless you always hun.Can you follw me? its a page for all mj supporters no haters allowed :-)
Find out how to buy a house with No Down Payment www.community-mortgage.com
How much do you think the Leaf will cost?
I' AM NOT A WHORE JUST BECAUSE I HANG OUT WITH MORE GUYS THAN GIRLS less drama,lies, guys are always there for& you can trust them way more.
I like the move to have John L Smith as interim coach for Arkansas. Has experience as HC and runs the same system.
awesome thanks!
be sure to bump my new shit i edited the fuck out that hoe bump it "riding round my city"
ive come to realize that relationships are over rated all i need is a stiff drink and a stiff dildo and im good to go
You'll probably be seeing them weekly :-). But I'm sure Shelli could get you a copy of the photo we took yesterday...
I love you! You're perfect, and you're all time on my mind! Follow me please! You & your songs are amazing *-*.
#NDAA This is so fucked. I will be leaving the country in the fall, and if NDAA is still around, I won't be coming back.
I am literally stunned..I've verified it..thx for the info
okay cool! Thanks!
Going on a walk with my girls :)
no imm not '
haha yep I had my first run in with the cashier in his bears santa hat! Merry Christmas!
<U+201C>: this is woow look at my link from profile<U+201D> how about no
Stopped to buy a case of Pepsi, and the cashier asked for an ID. Sounds like it is a "global Target" issue.
lol! Yes u do
what a blast today ! bravo! bravo!
I figure I might as well collect CDs while others collect vinyl. It's something different. Still, I collect both :) do you have
Happy Thanksgiving #Canada! Wish I was there to enjoy some turkey!
thanks man!
adaptation is a system-level process, not an event-level decision - so system must support rules based on context
On your own timing, with your own rules as usual....lol. Love ya!
I love this life I get the honor to live. Thank u Lord.
I swear every woman in here is a barista.
Tonight, the world will begin to change. It might take you a while to notice.
Hey #Hoosiers the whole UK team and #BBN says
Happy Chinese New Year-Year of the Dragon ! #alamw12 #libraries /wk
About to enter Argento splendor with first of many 35mm screenings. CRYSTAL PLUMAGE for the first time tonight
Really hopping tonight big crowds, great energy, lots o' stand-by
Did you lose a bet to Guy Adami...and forced to wear flip flops with your suit...or is it just a mood thing?
#forlow Animated gestures. Again, great images. Good eye contact. Change look spots more. 1-2-3. State thesis, repeat.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." Ralph Waldo Emerson
#Girls impressions so far: it's like Urban Outfitters and American Apparel made love and had a baby. I so approve of their fashions!
"When given the choice, people will always spend their time around people they like." Gary Vaynerchuk The Thank You Economy
Half: Dallas 25-Millsaps 25. Settling for jumpers when we can get layups. Great defensive effort!
Public mtg 4pm new policy to ensure Port's capital investments made "in a balanced manner throughout member cities"
Seriously; Would #Romney buy a User Car from #MittRomney?
Recent user feedback has alerted us to the unacceptable ads on our site. Until we have a solution for this, enjoy an ad-free WebCamWindow.
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. <U+2013> Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
That WTF moment when you see someone cute on your timeline but then you in-large their AVI and BAM! Ugly as sh*t
Is it weird that I described a girls boobs as sturdy?
Austerity backlash roaring its way to Wisconsin like a high-speed train! Due to arrive June 5!
Not a good start for Monday.
what was that all about. Bashing was not cool. I get your point about paying your dues, but trashing Blake??????
Yeah, I feel kinda tired.
does duval have an airport
"Can you milk a cow in India? Aren't they supposed to be sacrosanct?" "Yeah, but you can touch their tits."
There's just no stopping lucroy. catching popups and shit
Happy Friday! Come see us for lunch & cookies!
I am patiently waiting to know the winner...okay not patiently but waiting yes!
BEYOND geeked for tomorrow. Going for another run just to blow off excitement/anxious energy-Big things ahead for LV ballers!
rocking party
Cohen: Norms are behavior shapers. It's unreasonable 2 expect changes unless we focus on change in cmty.
I love you lol
both of us. I channel our collective power everytime it's donned.
I'm going to miss you Daddy..love u always
CowboysandAliens trailer got by far the biggest reaction of all the trailers before HP7p1.. Lots of cheers ..
Plus NBCSports channel is perfect for Catholic League non-football sports. ND luvs lax-type sports found in ACC.
To go to class or not to go t class, that is actually he question.
You rocked the mike today at the Economics Trends Breakfast -the best speaker + the best shoes in the whole place
Getting soap in your eyes <<<< dear god.
GURL I NEW U D!D.
Phillip and Josh please!
cant get on bro internet messin
I would love to tomorrow but going to the #caps game. I do think we need a #wildbeernight in the near future.
just stop
I wanna get tatted . >.<
Might be ditching the in-ears for the next show. If we do, it's gonna get loud...which is awesome.
Sleep is for people with no internet connection.
The best way to explore a city is with your own eyes and feet.
Turkey bowl in the morning! Me and are dressing to impress!
that's what's up! Get it in sweety!<U+0001F60A>
got a 60% on my geometry test today...
yeah i know you have been...dont worry everything will work out in your favor in the end. no pressure!!!!
Just landed role in a feature. 7 shorts all set in a coffee shop. My segment is written by blanche Baker. I play a lesbian author. How now!
anderson went to Cal-too easy! Lol
! Action is eloquence !
have you ever heard of this lame?
Check out this gr8 PLink co: ": We find your target. Saving time for a sales prof.. like the $250k opp uncovered last week!!!"
Thanks! Thanks for coming!
CONGRATULATIONS. your a slut and will get no where except creepers pants
In front, behind, and beside you Share a smile. Have a great day:)
NPR dude talking about the E.U. Sounded like he said "The Ewww."
And Rich 50 is the new 30.
,,,,Also You can place orders: We have Keylime, Strawberry Overload, Lemon, Banana-Chocolate Toffee & Sweet Potatoe Pie.
I fuked up my last tweet -_-
i agree on that entirely its like where did all the maturity go right? hell i cant even do good in a match with trash msg's
#MayDay has been chosen as the date the #OWS Movement revives. Will we succeed??
You know you're baked when you are looking for the bong when it's right infront of you
I hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in Madison WI...
Hey it's BK, Dee Snider just fired.What rocker shoud try Celebrity Apprentice next?Not that he would participate,I nominate Bruce Dickinson.
PROFESSORS ARE SLOW....HURRY UP WITH POSTING THESE GRADES....I NEED 3 MORE GRADES..BUT I ALREADY THEY ARE A'S...I JUST NEED COMFIRMATION
What is the secret of this tie that binds....two souls in communion both body and mind
I wouldn't turn that down if you offered it to me!! Big fan of salads.
There is something amazing about redefining yourself!
Change of plans. Lets giv'r
Why does bj get me and Morgan mixed up! I'm not the annoying and evil one!
Freedom is A LOADED SHOTGUN!
you're doing some work in this twitter prof pic.
Nope, the brunette
oh yeah congrats!!!
Tomorrow is the big day!
I'm good. And you?
as you should! I'm wonderful!
It was really nice meeting you-When are you coming to Milwaukee next?!
Tad Taylor I believe. Also another one, Bryan Dixon.
i dm'd ya.
sweet what do ya run?
...and now my foot is asleep
Get DOWN here bro we got VIDEO work to do!! BIG respect to and
Need Social Media Measurment/Metrics expert. Work WITH technology on social media metrics. Strong leadership/solution skills. DM me?
Played a parent/kids scrimmage at practice yesterday. Ouch!
drunken calculus
Bored eanna walk around o well
Applying for summer internship! Wish me luck :)
Who likes new music?
I'm late to the game on but I gotta say, glad I signed up. It's one email I look forward to, thanks
Two more weeks and it will be time for Diablo 3.
Find out where u livin.. kill u in the kitchen.. feds try to clip us but we ain't even tripping
Trust and believe that #Godisable to do anything you ask Him to.
I heard a Mozlem even wrote book. Professor and everything. "Homsexuality and Islam"
How many ears does Daniel Boone have? He has a left ear, a right ear, and a Front-ier!!
In the studio putting finishing touches on the new album...
If you went to the Orlando Warped you can go vacation on our beaches....or nude beaches...either one will do.
oh watch out! Lol
Don't feed me scraps that's not cool-I want to go to doggie school!
Happy Jim Burr is reffing this Georgetown/Cincy game. Now, UofL doesn't have to deal with him tonight.
Bombed that test
Ohh my, im turning into my dad.
Must get report done. Door shut. Uncoiling the razor wire.
Tell her to write about a small town mayor in a newspaper.
#chicago #acappella -- combined, you can't go wrong!
#OomfNeedsTo talk to me more often!
Cheers to the freakin' weekend?
I want Casey Seimaszko for Houdini.
Careful driving out there today! Suspended dust and smoke over the Valley, from Arizona, may impact your vision on our roadways
Can I hit it in the MORNING?
Loving some Ms. Whitney tribute on
at kmart dressed all ghetto like with pink slippers.
Never mind I find someone like you I love you so much<U+2665>
sad face.
ASO and present "C<U+00F4>te d'Ivoire: Confronting Stability, Ensuring Peace" Discussion this Thursday, April 7 at 5pm!
And I know one day you'll see nobody has it easy
can have his opinion. quit being jealous of him he's just like all of us. you bringin him down represents who you really are
Navy chief accepts sub from Electric Boat
Sitting in the sunshine, sipping coffee with my girls...
Having the day from heck!!! I am waay behind on my "thank yous"...thanks to all my new TWEEPS and I am following you too...
I Want God! I Want Kingdom Living! I Want Purpose! What Else Is There? What About You?
I have sex a lot with you in my head.
please follow me :) ?
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts- Russell
Thank u every one for wishing me a happy birthday much love to u all
Making birds custard...not instant, nightmare
A great way to end the week: RIT Entrepreneur Conference. Amazing energy and optimism.
Evan Cohen sounds like an idiot on radio right now - sounds like a whiny punk. Wa, wa....stop talking about Spo.
Thanks so much for the post - so glad to see you have something up and going - can't wait to hear more about the business!
Modern church is lacking in the supernatural because very little of our worship includes the fear of the Lord
starting a monday with a morning meeting with your tax accountant is a buzz kill.
Loved photos of Columbia Protecting Science & Industry. Who protects the art? Immersed in "Age of Wonder" Thanks!
That awkward moment when someone thinks your going out with your expirement partner
Such a long day at work :(
Getting really excited to preach this message Sunday at ! #Questions #WhatsNext?
WHATCOULDGOWRONG?? RT museum conference reception at a Maker lab... #randomthought #mw2012 yes! Solder + alcohol = win!
Hi Marisol I was simply responding to your message when you said you "Will look out for info & resources". Thanks
Poker Professionals, Business Owners and Bloggers - we'd love to hear any cross-promotional ideas at .
can't believe lack of respect for chicago bulls on ESPN coverage... AND saying dwade and lebron are best of ALLTIME, come on.
oh ha damn was it really. Thought we was getting close to two. Thats why guys don't remember that shit for, a reason like this
I'd love to know what you find!
A3. Thats tough I would build on iOS/Apple if budget is limited-they have the largest following at this time
Empire mixtapes.... not for the weakhearted
Yeah got back last Wednesday.
Man #congrats 2 the NY #Giants tht ws a phenomenal come back! 38yrd catch + crazy eas final TD. I think the Giants might just be my nw team
": HAPPY BDAY!!!" THANKS SO MUCH!!! I APPRECIATE IT!!!
I mean i have been trying to have her follow me.!
Never knew I had so many pet peeves until I started working in the real world but on a good note it's payday betchesssssss <U+0001F4B0><U+0001F44D>
Would love to meet your family when we come to Edmonton. Should be plenty of opportunities! :)
Gonna lay down. I love you, Beautiful. Kjbe<33
Goldman Prize Ceremony happening on stage right now and hearing some very inspiring stories from my desk
I'm not surprised, not everything lasts.
Correction - #StoudDay is today!
hmm hmm hmm haha I'm good buddy. Hope you're doing well! Aren't elections coming up soon?
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
New issue on the racks and online at www.matc-clarion.com
hey Olivia
doing alright;) thanks!! Trying to get everything done for my daughterd communion sunday;)
That's me right now #RealNiggaShit ": #ShoutOut to all the niggas on the clock wasting time"
Damn...who is the hot physio on the Chelsea bench! I am backing her to score next!
aw thks but im gud but u need too eat n go to sleep
Worst dream I've had in a while. )):
Since when is there something wrong with being a hopeless matron homebody?
legit faint. like hes so hot.
School can officially kiss my ass.
lol next time i come back to visit we need to hang out
Honest baby i'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started, don't you leave me broken hearted tonight.
Boo butt go add me on Facebook and tell all your friends :)
Si inspired by ! Thank you GOD for giving me a new outlook on things. 1st wednesday = AMAZING!!
half the truth is still a LIE!
enjoyed chatting with you tonight!
No matter what goes w/obmamacare-the pres. has surely underestimated the american people!
On my way to New Hampshire for the republican presidential primary
Thanks for including me!
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly. Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man. <U+2665>
if this sparkling wordplay is wrong, i don't want to be right...
If you trust someone you should trust them wherever they are whoever there with and point blank period you should trust them
Thru hosting dropins, understands what ppl are looking for..
When I think off ROFL I think of Scooby Doo trying to say waffle! You know you were saying it out loud! lol
Wow, I feel loved
Any chance he replaces Bick as your go too whipping boy?
Hey Jayson, Tyson Wheeler may coach at Fairfield, but he didn't go there, he went to URI where he helped lead them to Final 8
Russel Martin is a good defensive catcher. But he needs to start hitting a little bit.
Orange out for Evan today. Evan, is in my thought. But I apologize, I own no orange.
Can I just say ladies who play college volleyball > Yum
Just tapped, Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA (replaces Sculler's IPA)
I wanna go see #TheLorax , #ProjectX and #TheHungerGames ..I need to find a movie buddy :D
i hope you'll love it! It was a Feb IndieNext List pick, Amazon pick of the month, and Pennie pick at Costco.
Itchin' for some spring cleaning in my closet for new summer clothes...
and often bullies don't think of what they're doing to others as bullying...totally ambivalent to harm they're causing
Fire the Congress! We can do there job better than they can!
Sometimes well wishes and "hugs" are not helpful but extremely irritating and unhelpful.
What's worse than a disabled train? Getting stuck behind the disabled train.
Hey it's Phillip Hawkins and I am a promoter for the Palm's Casino resort Nightclubs Reply for VIP guest list
we think so too! one day for sure bro!!
heck no
Wanna get out and do some good? Volunteer for a clean-up at Farring-Baybrook Park on Sat., 9/10. More info: Rob Catlin
Help! a friend of mine is hitting a roadblock every step of the way trying to get SAG. Anyone have a surefire way to get in or get vouchers?
Happy birthday,
Well it's official, I just finalized the purchase of 130K shares of News Corp. Stock at $13.67 per share! Doing it again next month too!
She could love you good, but I could love you bettaaaa<U+0001F618>
If you think somebody close to you is having mental impairment, use interests and passion to get them reinterested in what they enjoy
aww, I'll especially miss you guys! But we'll still have our usual glee recaps on Facebook haha
yep yep 15 minutes
I really thing hiccups are something we should be researching! They don't make no sense.
Rose knowingly violated a baseball rule whose penalty has always been a HOF ban. Honestly, why is this even being discussed?
No !!! <U+201C>: New York Giants topple the SF 20-17 in OT for the NFC title. <U+201D>
2 wk countdown to find a summer job. Super-stress activate.
WHAT THE FUCK.
Yesterday was coo and the day before but tomorrow there will be nomore us. Seperated
Being interviewed by HLN now
nice work. really nice.
awesome :) getting ready for the best weekend EVA well i guess not since it doesnt invove a tdf concert ;)
Why when I tell females that I'm single they Dnt believe me ????
Miss u all to <U+0001F60A>
the funniest thing is when directionators talk about how much they hate directionators.
Happy #Mother'sDay to all. Life's most important job...
Nowhere near tired.
it's a really crappy day
why is everyone in such a rush for me to get married?
....and tomorrow,we leave for Angola..Singing @ Luanda Jazz Festival
"An internet full of creative writing won't save the ship."
So cool to connect with you
yay! Come back often! <U+201C>: I visited and researched yesterday and it was awesome!<U+201D>
Comcast Awards $173,000 In Scholarships To Pennsylvania High School Seniors
And we're here! #gdc cc:
Can anyone recommend a good domain name registrar besides Godaddy? I'm done with them.... can't stand the scummy feeling anymore.
Anthony & the Contraceptives
hehehe scare you away yet?
us people need to #LIVE and
Me wit all these curves & you without no brakes...(O) lolz!
Lol ewwwRT The chair may make that sound but I can taste it in my mouth....
Cinnamon, too! RT : only Cherry flavor? :(
Thanks Danielle. Out of town so let me know about future workshops and where they are posted unless Tracy does all...:-)
i dont drink loll SMOKER
Just impatient, that's all.
Flash still exists? RT : If there's one thing to take home from this strategy panel? Flash = bad. Mobile = good.
#Hoes come out heavily in the summer time. This good weather brings relationships drama.
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow. 1st event as CountryFloors
Thanks for the follow !
Ain wanna leave my Aj & my Marco this morning :/
Mandy Patinkin once @'d me. I still brag about it... BTW Once Mandy Patinkin @'d me. :)
Are you following ?
You too Al! See you then! RT : I wish I could !!!!!!! See you in Anaheim
AP's Minn/Wiscy chief of bureau, Dave Pyle, has the reins for final day today.More than 30 years w world's largest news co-op.
": I'm All abouts My Money this summer...... So if u ain't offering that U not getting ANY OF MY TIME!!! #Simple"
Get your paws out of his hair!!!!!!!! =D Oh I'll go there....Jeremy lets pick up Tom an go visit Aidan in NZ, I'll drive the Jag!
we are giving away a few tickets to be on the VIP invite only guest list. This is from 7-9. I will be doing that in the next week
What a beautiful day in #ROC! We hope you all enjoy your evening after work! Anyone have outdoor dinner plans?
It was great to speak at St. Mary's of the Woods and be with all whose passion is education.
..one of the band members will be dressed as ravishing rick rude!....awesomeness
OH MY GOSH IF ONLY MINDLESS BEHAVIOR COULD FOLLOW SOME OF THEIR FANS IF ONLY
:) not a single person should deprive and damage their body!!
Im just soo tired.. Think a cold is coming on...:-(
Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets, 1999
Actress Rita Wilson, aka Mrs Tom Hanks, on the show at 6:20 PT I want to hear that Tom Hanks farts, or litters or something real
July 8th at Village Rock in E. Rochester! Come out to celebrate summer with some cool Classic Rock including our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!!
This is awesome!!!
. so how did you get here under my skin ?
lovey the internet stop working :/
What the fuck does having an attitude have anything to do with getting a permit
That is a really tough job. I see some COs who are amazing, others who are petty tyrants.
Who's the Oklahoma City coach? Breckin Meyer's dad?
what venue/what promoter
#10LawsOfSex U betta shut up and gag!!!
have you ever had or considered getting a cat? ;>]
Motherfather! It's going to be an epic farmy weekend! What are you harvesting baby?
I smoke weed like a fuckan indian or sum..
Currently doing fried quail/buckwheat waffle. or w fried veal brains. Hard part is having a pint of blood every day for batter.
Just read an email and I wanna say GOD bless he is way doper than u guys even know refreshing to have sum1 like him in the game
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is being single !
XTR pedals. Excellent platform and super smooth entry and release.
Family first!!
Antonio is still all about hawaii... Yay!!! Aloha!!! :)
on that basement swag
Is it sad that I don't know what I would do lately if the NBA playoffs weren't on?
If you're not concerned with the very poor, because there's safety nets there..you might be Mitt Romney..
hey thanks. is that an apartment complex?
We still have some street team spots open for Mayhem and All-Stars !! Hurry before they are gone!
stupid lady pissed me off
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced? seriously, go look now at www.silverproductionsmv.com
...I believe it. She doesn't have to vocalize that. We know.
#SWAGGER >>RT : #OldSpice makes they thongs come right off...
I always do haha we gotta get together sometime man
Thanks ! ill add it to the video <3
Painting seminar, chalk art festival, an 4 days at the beach next month.
lol! Had to get that off my chest!
lol Mine too but my family is a little bit crazy! lol so what are you doing now?!!
Tonight is taking pics too so be photo shoot fresh... #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
That's sweet RT ": Dude! The space shuttle just flew over my head in Takoma Park! Way better in person than a live stream..."
Love me a good schemer.
This is going to be a stressful game. I but am glad I know Greenbay is going to win. Because I have faith.
Forever Michael!!!!! :-D
Hubby's fixing the sink. Asked me for help getting his 3 nuts off.
Eddie Schmidt 48: Running the Manitou Incline in 26 minutes. "After my third 8 minute session, once a week I'm @ 25 min. www.quickgymcs.com
If they allow smoking, the sign says: "Abandon all hope ye who enter here."
RT : Chillin hard wit my bitch, Smokin on some Loud
We hit the studio November 27th in Woodstock. It's about to go down...!!!!
Does signing Wimbley to a long-term deal mean they can offer Miller enough to stave off Seattle?
I love it
April - There r some forms we cannot complete but plz emial me @ & I'll c how I can help. Thx!
Thx! They're popular here - already downloaded & sent GCRR photo.
Sunday mornings are awesome. Sunday nights are horrific.
You can still come hang out :)
Things are getting started at the HfH dinner! It should be a wonderful night!
Follow me:) Luv ya. U ROCK!! :D
that's what I'm saying. If they promote from within they can hire him. If they get just a new OC no riom
Three little league baseball games = 100% chance of rain. That's how I roll. SMH.
Thanks to for retweeting news about the Maritime Ghost Conferenec with her followers.
Preparation + opportunity = luck
#CSOMozartBrahms Contest: First to answer correctly win! What was the last piece of music Mozart composed?
I include the hashtag #truth in my tweets, does that mean they're automatically factually correct?
To keep her to myself would be exceedingly selfish. Hence I have written a tribute that so inadequately describes her but I do my best
Corner Bakery for breakfast! Yum! :-)
Not to sound mean but....Baggie Jeans with silver rodeo buckle, cowboy boots, wife beater, gold bling, doorag and straw hat. FOR REAL smh
gimme some cookies
First 10 people coming to booth 7854 and mention this tweet @ #NRAShow can also receive exclusive "Freeborn & Peters Bottle Opener".
I'll drive up to HP tonight and investigate in the name of journalism
I'm little..and white...
I feel like Natalie Portman's character in GARDEN STATE today. I tug my ear but no one's catching the signal.
GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT !! AND CHECK UR MENTIONS !!! :)) SHOUT OUT FROM ME
Could not be happier that is here!! :D
Love makes you do crazy things
That is why I refuse to buy one.
I wanna skip school so bad tomorrow but I need to prove Mr. Spite wrong... So I can't. <U+0001F620><U+0001F52B>
Thanks for the RT today!
Stolen: orange Gary Fisher mountain bike. 18" green ID tag on back of frame. If found let me know. Please!
falling in love with the marimba, remembering Christopher Hitchens.
Cant wait to move to Hoboken!!!!!
If I'm not cooking, or if he is on own for dinner he is happy with PB&J or cereal....every time! NEVER cooks
Flouride works! 1/2 of children entering the first grade today have never had a single cavity, compared with 36% in 1980 and 28% in 1970.
Cant wait for tonight, things are finally lookin up for me :D
yep. For us or docs. Luckily, H's EE numbers are low but then we don't know why she's having stomach aches. Its fun.
Not even remotely. I was referring to Romney's college "pranks".
Have you ever thought of doing an all acoustic album? #MTVGaga paws up! (''') (''') xoxo
got ya
Small Business Guide to Social Media Marketing
whatsup? I will be seeing you this week I believe
Why do things have to be so complicated???
you did actually. we were both like, whoa. Steve ACTUALLY RSVP'd. ;)
Church was good today
very cold ah
work - busy! Schedule optimization class - challenging! Volleyball - new season picking up {stay away rain!}. Life is OK.
Me too :( miss you guys.
Excited for tomorrow<U+2026> the day before the Masters!!
At the Hard Rock
HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY RT !!!!!!!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Whoa, what?
Shows only $15. Get to jax beach. Seven super rad bands left. Please come hang!
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
Setting up some exciting new plays behind the scenes to launch July 1st. More soon.
Happy 4th!!! I wanna hot dog.
Hi! We are here in Westlake at #TMTDU with Looking forward to our slumber party tomorrow night! cc
thank you!
Happy birthday Phoebe
Great line.
New logo in the works.
i feel that anything outside of america is romantic...maybe because i've never been outside it!!!
Join for the screening of "Waiting for Superman" this Thursday :30pm in the Student Success Center Clary Theatre....
<U+201C>: RT : Bitches is really ugly out here<U+201D>
he said terminal c, near where you get off tram. Said someone hit 3.5 million there. I'll be checking it out in an hour :-)
Oh is all too serious. if I ever got to a point where I knew some McD's employee by name I'd blow my head off.
Is it me or does Jim Harbaugh look like an older Daniel Tosh?
<U+201C>: There he goes its Dan Schu, there he goes it's Dan Schu ---<U+201D> There he goes its E Trayn! Haha Lunar tonight!! Let's go!!
haha omg same here D:&& I'm doing great ^.^
Hi! Nice to finally meet u @ Senses last weekend. Hope to attend another event when I get back to TN.
One could say the same, Ms. Luan? *brows furrowing* How is the enervating dietary regiment progressing?
I think we definitely need to score one of these.
With congress, every time they make a joke its a law, an everytime they make a law its a joke.
omg I totally forgot I promise it will be up on Friday or Saturday
RT : Changing Baltimore from "The Wire" to wireless-- yes!
Heading to the desert to film some awesomeness with awesome people. Be jealous! Also I wanted to write dessert instead of desert..
Was gone wear my blazer to graduation, but its gone be to hot tomaro!!!!
Solid name ! Im the DJ at warrior dash tomorrow! Find me on the stage for a free cd!
what tablet do you have?
What a nice thing to do for your Mum:) I'll be sleeping here shortly. I'm across the planet from you. :)
I Love My Friends !(: <U+2665>
westchester vs Santa Monica on Thursday night. In the immortal words of Derek Taylor-Taft coach. Will Chester make them blink.
thank u 4 following check out my new book free preview on my blog on my page x Bless
This is why an MLS needs teams to take US Open Cup seriously. Garbage like Seattle wouldn't even be in CCL, if others did.
I should take a few plane rides wit a few of my followers this weekend
Dictionaries help ease boredom. Just saying. RT im bored and i need sum1 2 tlk 2
Salsa Saturday Night in KC with DJ Omega playing a mix of all your favorite Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Reggaeton! Madrigall 1627 Oak KCMO
Trying to come up with a good activity to go along with notes for the Crusades. Any ideas out there?
Personality is to man what perfume is to a flower. - Anonymous
Does it freeze in New Orleans?
Thanking God for another day to serve Him by loving others and helping the extreme poor
oh nice, um, got one for me? **begs** Cheers!
Brand new website! New album dropping Oct 2010! Follow NEMESYS on Twitter and get the low down on happenings and all the dirt you wish...
It was great seeing you too :) <U+201C>: Great time seeing and tonight.<U+201D>
Anyone want to question if the #Gophers care about this game?
I've heard great things abt that show. Make sure to let me know when ur ep is so I can watch.
Thanks for following!
cool did it bro
#IB just die already
Hm....what will I eat tonight? So many #DTSS choices!
Current word count: 2514. Today's goal: 3314.
I sware to god I tierd of all this damn drama #drama:(
Yes! I'll be at #paycon. Can't wait!
they both are
& that was the best episode you guys have ever done with of without the iconic boyz LOVE YOU GUYS!<U+0001F499><U+2764>
I was in Eco 782ND msb 94-00. Everyone is on facebook. We even have several 82nd Groups.
Get to spend the day with tomorrow <U+0001F60D>
Hi, Vincent Exorcast here... You know, girls do go crazy for NKOTB... So it is kind of a complement...
made a chocolate haupia pie for my mom!!
Good morning, Jake!
Never put both feet in your mouth at the same time, because then you don't have a leg to stand on
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's out for #blackfriday??
CGRN will have a free plant giveaway for mbrs 31 March. Get your membership & get on board. Good stuff. Thanks for the info.
Just got back up and finally headaches gone!
you're welcome (: x
awesome I like how all the episodes r different with all the different podcast u go one. It's hilarious what u say sometimes
DONNA LYNNE -TONIGHT- ARIZONA CHARLIE'S - DECATUR BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV -9:00 pm to 2:30 am Stop in if you get a chance!
There is nothing more fun and self-fulfilling then to be able to play the piano and entertain the people around you. (cont.)
Love it! <U+201C>: "The more time you spend alone with God, the better you get along with other people." #quotetoliveby #in<U+201D>
Curious if any of the student protesters at Penn State have read the Grand Jury report? Terrifying, sick information.
A white girl with a black girl body and ass and great hair <<<<<<<<
The urge to pee multiples by a million when you're desperately trying to unlock your front door.
This year's bobcats are the worst team in NBA history.
No worries, but another $10,000 will make you even richer.
THRILLED to be a part of ! We need your voice to help choose SD region's future beginning Nov. 30!
keep us updated!RT : We are currently developing an article series on using #WordPress for #nonprofit websites and blogs.
A big reason that so few take advantage of all we have is simply neglect, It causes us to miss the opportunities that our freedom gives us
oh gosh if it was by chipotle i'd be there everyday! even though I am already hahaha
Want a girl that doesn't hide shit.
Have a picnic in Central Park! See a play on Broadway! Tour the offices! Wishing you safe travels from #Tucson to NYC.
We need to change the tax code and other policies, not make people change jobs to solve concentration of wealth probs.
With a huge cock! 8===>~~~ RT : you're a BASIC BITCH anyway
2day is simply a boring day.....sigh
i did
A folk remedy for reducing fever: make a strong tea from dung of the jackrabbit and drink it every half-hour. Who's on first?
tell all of your followers to follow me ok
Where the H. have you been? I miss the crap out of you.
he will always struggle his hands are too big. His hands are like a 6'10 guys hands.
Another night wasted i might say.
Why are men like laxatives? They irritate the shit out of you.
Steve Martin sticks out like a Boner in Sweat pants with Racal Flatts
i love you Scottyyy!
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Today I met my first american friend in south america from Fort WorthTEXAS.. :]
can gay guys follow u? cuz i swear i speak female...
would agree a pause in conversation also warrants a listen RT : It's "Call Me Maybe" time. Just been that kind of day.
Our teacher brought us cookies & milk, & now we're about to watch a movie. PERF
Hi my friend! Wonderful to hear from you! I look forward to reading it. Send it to Keep smiling!
I'm all Matty's tbh(;
Keep up w/ these fine composers
Apparently going to be riding on a plane with a very bossy little girl. Who, so unfortunately, speaks English.
omg my mom is such a bitch I hate her! Like even when she's being nice, I hate her.
Good morning! - Steve Tj Jesse Keenan
I refuse any type of customer service that requires me struggling to hear
Hearing scary noises when in bed in the dark <U+E406><U+E40B><U+E401>
Two words that would never be in a real cowboy's breakfast: gourmet and berry.
If the police say someone is "legally intoxicated," what's the problem?
Planning a trip to Portland/Vancouver to see family and friends in June. My Uncle from Britain will be there. Always good 2 see him! G'nite!
We're gonna keep lowering the Blow-Out Prices until it's gone! Stop back in again, you won't be disappointed!
like a boss! ..that was a bad ass video
#ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Wanna see my Prison Tattoo? It's really nice.
Need a smile for today? Check the link for a blurb and excerpt that takes you back to kinder, gentler times. www.willowmoonpublishing.com
First day of school for my youngest. Just started 6th grade...and so proud...
Good morning #DC ! Head on over to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark today for our $7 sandwich&salad lunch special or later btwn 5-7 for
no -.- my mom wouldn't let me lol
Where in the world did this day go! Last time I looked its was 9 am. Busy, Busy, Busy.
Best sauce for grilling alpaca, the winner is garlic, delicious! Learn grilling tips and more this wknd
Workies then school blah
#idol's Jessica Sanchez bandwagon officially veers out of control: urges SD to vote, while taking a swipe at Filner, DeMaio
This class Hella weird
why do i keep hearing children speaking aloud, unprompted in public places?
Maybe too late for lunch suggestions, but stop at the Union Terrace for beer/popcorn and incredible people-watching!!
other gems: "we all die alone" right after i broke up with my hs boyfriend and "i want to play sunrise/sunset at your wedding" #Mom!
what channel is it on? :/
First couple months in LA: great manager? Check. Great voiceover agents? Check. Great commercial agents? CHECK. Bring it on, LA!
<U+201C>: I just felt super duper gay sending that message to lol<U+201D> anything for you baby girl ;)
On the road to Arkansas!
Muchas Gracias , , for feeding our volunteers today!
I love you so dang much! You have made a HUGE impact in my life :) I hope you follow me and most importantly NEVER say NEVER!
More picks in action: Cardinals-107 and Angels-167
i can't find the story on .. will you send us the link? we would love to see it! thanks!
Probably. Crack one open and see how it smells?
tina fey on snl tonight = incredible. one of the best sarah palin skits she's done.
What's the word on the NFL lockout? #nfllockout?
Who remembers sailor moon
I love podcasts. I love & & & I could listen to podcasts all day. That's all.
I would date you so hard and marry the shit out of you!
aye what can I say Just like the old song goes "baby I got what you need";) hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;)xo
Appreciate you following us. Hope all is well down in #Iowa!
Thanks for the Christmas card, !
What an amazing deal!
Morning cruel world...sleep walkin to work...story of my life.
Kittens, kittens, kittens! #inmabackyard c:
Easy: The Dark Knight Rises, Brave (it's Pixar!), Total Recall, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, Amazing Spiderman
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you've mist
thats hard one...
Sorry to be missing #Foodiechats tonight for its one year anniversary!
Oh, I'm no hack. You left your wordpress login page laying out in the open. I'd never do anything illegal.
Milton plates two in the fifth and cuts Monroe's lead to 7-5. Don't touch that Twitter dial.
great news! Go team
Don't we all!
We'll have the Broadway Armory full of vendors and shoppers if you're interested in swinging by for lunch on Saturday.
Lovely chat w She's the sweetest woman. Smart, cute, cares bout animals, runs ... Awesome!
still no word about poker players funds...heard rumors that FTP is busto?
Seriously, I could smell the coffee grounds when the bag was sliced open.
Thank you! Im glad you took the time to listen
LOL at all the target commercials with that little blonde funny looking lady :'D
This just-coffee cleanse I'm doing has serious drawbacks
dope session tonite. alot has been completed.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Sorry that I missed it during my Twitter hiatus, but it was a nice surprise this morning.
well I think.
Has anyone noticed when Boehner fakes his outrage he looks like he can't hold back laughter?
got the urns, they look great!
I was just remembering the day I met I was so awkward, its all a blur. i dont even remember saying bye. lol, omg.
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." - W.H. Murray
I like Stubbs
Every selfish action detracts from the opportunity to do something good for another in need!
Eye tag at the gym is fun lol
When is gonna be here??? people are already talking about it!!!
Nice win , great effort & bein more of an ext of Scottie on the floor. keep bein that
I don't 'wish' for anything. I work for fairness and decency and civility. Threats of an America you fear is nonsense.
taking a class in screen printing wednesday!
Layover in ATL!!!!
I have boots!
Please Follow Me :) swag
Omg i cant believe i have 3 C's right now -.- but im so lazzzzyyyy to do work!!!
Watching this right now makes me feel like I have a legitimate shot of scoring my first #NBA bucket!
Yahoo to double Olympics presence in London
Pollen never deteriorates. It is one of the few natural substances that lasts indefinitely.
Love it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEVON! I hope you have fun celebrating it in Vegas.
Happy Birthday you have truly changed the online world.
This game is killing my entire night.
If I end up mothering a female hedgehog, her name will be Elba.
Thank you - much better.
Salt and bread make the cheeks red. - German Proverb
Hula hooping barefoot on aggregate for an hour probably wasn't my smartest decision today.
Good day with my family in Disney who came up to visit me :)
A live report from outside #roastchella: Its hot.
I threw up my last night recipe in the bathroom. Conspicious of the rotten peanut.
Did anyone see the end of Jeopardy? That was crazy!
I heard that Ru Paul clarified that he was not Ron Paul the other day....
Thank you! And a sunny Saturday shout out to you, too! : )
If you can dream it, you can do it. ~~Walt Disney
what can I say, I'm an overachiever.
Watching Disney movies starting with all the high school musicals <U+2764>
Well Yost is a genius now. Good pinch hit.
after that performance by LeBron in the 4th and that Vince dunk I know you feeling good
Here--let me check my thesaurus: task; chore; assignment; effort; activity; venture; vocation; trade; craft.
what beats?
my twitter account needs a make over.
RT Calling all #ABQ fans! Get a piece of memorabilia from the show today & help #ABQ homeless!
No #WiFi in macy this morning at I love the
As a twig is bent the tree inclines.s
considering they are in second in the east now and 8-1-1 in the last 10--I say it will be a good day tomorrow
Can't wait 4 "The Hunger Games" looks fantastic! How have u been? Mom came home 3/7 & we r back 2 normal.
Just spoken: "If I could convince you long enough and hard enough, I could give it to you long enough and hard enough, butt..."
I'm a loser. Im in a bunch of activities, im in: power of the pen, art club, student council, dance & more. :l who else is in clubs & etc. ?
Yes, it reminds me of my childhood.. best period of my life.. memories, memories :')
Ooh, if these tech problems go on for 8 more minutes, I can get a #cstheday quest!
I told you i can rap if i try! Give me that neck, no self serve, family and friends....COME HERE RETRIEVE YOUR NECK!!!!
Amazing how a change in elevation, can change motivation............ Mountain UP
why are their already gifs on tumblr of the boyz on abdc <U+FF1F> #notlooking #notreblogging DONT SPOIL THIS MAGICAL MOMENT FOR ME.
I wanna know who crushes on me i would love to know single life sucks.
Oh he kissed him on his third eye.
Everyday Ambitiously reaching pass the stars:)
And tonight nightmares of Baylor. Not even thinking past that!
Once had a contract for a bus sent to me as a word doc. WTF?!
I don't care if you don't like my twang.
That one special person we all think about every single day.....<3
Vince Smith from Scratchpads talking about Issues and his wish list at Content Summit
lmao, porcelain throne over everything
LOVE MY FOLLOW PROFAVOR Thank you for your
Damn, I hope she goes right back to it on its course to the Artic, that'd be BA.
Depends on your slant. I'm not interested in any more flaming.
We're across the street from all the chains at the Crossing, support local!
Hey guys! Off to school in a bit! -Alana
IRA and 401(k) Retirement Drawdown: Just Tell Me What to Do!
I hate dude lol
Need 69 followers, but it only takes two to do it
Taking life as it comes is difficult.. I don't even wanna know what comes next =(
season 2 premiere on tuesday.
Body feeling banged & struggling in math
Do this around Austin and te water table goes up 100 feet. : How we kill water-guzzling cedar trees ://t.co/0K5nE1xa
House party remix, take you home, and str8 like that go to hard
Just go drive to like Cotixan or something... hahaha. are we LINKEDIN??! What year did you graduate?
did you know the boy that plays Cato is/was an abrecrombie model?
Why am I not following the Architect of the Capitol on Instagram? They're at USCapitol!
You gonna look her up?
having a great day! Thanks for the b-day wishes ;-)
DING! DING! DING! DING!
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. ~ Unknown
Just walked in. Laying on my couch. Good morning!
Being a non-trasitional student has definitely been an experience. My kids want to go to college already!
Don't go anywhere, because I love you.
The challenge is routing - comments on taxon x matter to lots of people for different reasons. We should all chat.
so you could stop and say hi! :) :)
If ur thinking about someone else other than the person you're with you shouldn't be in a relationship then
we're using is for Tis Pity - it's ruhl nice
Ditto Dr. Pepper
Postbox for Mac is awesome. What do you think?
These people on the bus smell so fucking funky sheesh!
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award
In fact, it is mocked, denied, or cheered on as some form of "getting back at 'em." Taken seriously? Not even close.
I knew you'd be watching ! Biggest Kobe fan I know.
Even bad men love their mothers
Annoyed that is ruining a good product (Reader) to attempt to bolster a crummy one (+)
No Tea no Shade!
Can it just be Friday now? I'm so ready for a weekend.
I wish I could take credit for "Shit buttons say" but alas, it's the genius of my fiesty cousin Hannah.
This could be interesting to see what comes out of this situation.
I love it so far they're all so adorable. And we watched the modern one today!
I'm listening to myself on the radio for the first time! Wow! What a feeling!!!
Eating a honeycomb. I need somewhere to spit the wax besides my hand.
Another week on the road coming up : West Shamokin, Mon Valley, McKeesport. I'll be seeing you all soon!
Oh how about Arianas Grandeest fan? You know like Starbucks? lol
I <3 coffee
Of course! How else am I supposed to get my arm in?
LoL. Or punching and kicking trees.
Roddy White is the funniest man on twitter. Followed by Javale McGee
A USA jury is... 12 men & women who arent intelligent enough to know how to get out of jury duty. ie: Casey Anthony Trial
RT : this nigga got and Future on his song!!!! All on the same song!!!
thanks for this post!
good reminder! RT : #Grammar tip of the day: "Data" = plural. Say "data show," not "data shows."
I can't make it. Sorry.
#HatersAreStupid thts all i have to say
Yes! This was a great, creative day. I got to write many fun pages of my new screenplay. Writing has proven to be very therapeutic!
Poor Joy Behar. A panel of loonies posing as experts. C'mon Joy, where's the NY'er in you, call the BS out!!
Watch out- I love karaoke.
Getting really tired of Rhapsody online player dying on work laptop. Need tunes to get through the work day! Might have to *gasp* use a CD!
I so smoke. I do drugs. I'm a virgin. I go to school & I will not lose my self respect just to fit in.
Yes, it was filmed in and around
Grow up you 27
This guy in the parking lot just slid his truck when he tried to park. It was a fail and it was stupid.
Give me shout outs and follows plz I follow everyone back and return the favor!(:
wow.... That's a lot. All I had to do was find a current even.
Oh my goodness! I just added my book cover to my Twitter background! That was ridiculously easy. Yay!
I've had nothing important to tweet about lately.
- cool, see you then.
Loved me that #GameDayPolarBears commercial!
Where Dem
Thanks and for the mentions. You are appreciated.
what are you doing up laughing like a crazy person?? Go to sleep lol
Sounds pretty good with a cigar and an IPA, too.
There are those who will run you off Twitter for saying such things! lol
Love #nyc on long weekends!
Only thing is that no one seems to be out of power.
I've been watching Courera and have actually signed up for a short summer course to get a sense for it! Very interesting.
Last day at this job and #NCT. Literally no one.
i'm no fan of MSM, but kudos for letting #teambreitbart try to explain the vetting BS. but watching hacks like pollak is painful.
Good afternoon from the #NURFC #Cincinnati! How will you #FantheFlame today?
#erl12 Strawn, an increase of 7% over 5 years is almost 40% which no library can afford as budgets do not increase anywhere near that
just said he would slap the beard off my face. #ummsir That is physically impossible.
Come in and try our fresh lemon soda today with your lunch!
More! More! Thank you for following!
oh! I don't think I mentioned: I'm coming to the bay soon!! :D
OK, I've been sitting here for 12 hours. Time to step away from the computer (and read a tech book on my iPad instead). :-)
Went to my first beef and beer. Apparently this is a thing people do.
Thanks so much, Mary! So glad to hear : )
It's absolutely pouring outside, I hope #PETA gave all the animals raincoats.
<U+201C>: hope by June 1st<U+201D> Shit before then..
The worst things happen to me -_-
A Happiest Birthday wish to the beautiful, Classy !! Hope to see you soon :-) X
Just passed Jesus on E Houston in case anyone's lookin' for him...
Anyone going to see #TaylorSwift tonight?
Thanks to everyone who watched!
Nice! Thank you! that place is SO BIG.
Will the Georgia wineries be featured in any way?
#Commonlaw is one of my favorite show! Plus is super HOT ;D
Marcel the shell! :D
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ...(?) You hav no chance of getting any type of consideration from me..
I've been trying al day! PLEASE wish a Happy birthday! :)
love you bud!
#CNNDebate Would Mr. Gingrich be willing to serve as governor of the new moon state he proposed?
Such a pretty day in Boulder. Giving big girl a bath. She's looking pretttyyyy dirty
made up for that quickly at
Well at least he didn't do no damage. NO go CC get dis guy
Its really here!
In the studio putting demo vocals on dance smash its wicked! Awesome team on this one!
it's true!
Bout time, now maybe you'll stop whining
r u gonna be in the 5th season?
Looking at Pinnterest for a client, wondering how does one generate traffic to the site, is it linked up to Facebook or linkedin? Thoughts?
if so, you're DEF. invited! :oD
Thanks so much! Looking forward to listening to it! God bless!
The iPad was made for sick days.
Skyrockets in flight: Sam Elliot, circa 1976, in "Lifeguard." His chest hair nearly rivals his mustache.
Thanks for the RT!
One way to fix the Lakers lack of perimeter shooting. Two words:
We have arrived!! Let's get it!!
No, moms with strollers. Totally spread out all over my car with your baby stuff and leave your SUV doors open while I back out.
thank you for the mention! :)
Haven't tweeted in so long. Hey guys. :) It's 5:50 am where I'm at. :O
RIP Dick Clark
at the library rite now i like it here its so quite unlike my home jk jk i luv it there too
finals already?! Are you coming back home for summer?
Celebrate your national parks during National Park Week. This week admission to all national parks is free!
lmao your dad down here this week?
Thank you for stopping by! How was your visit?
Wednesday night hill repeats.
: My philosophy is that runners should run in what works for them. However, I'm suspicious of the marketing around minimalism.
I wonder if Mitt Romney wears a new pair of socks every day. I wish I did.
i said how's it different, dyldo!
Officially received my first payment. I'm a Real Blogger now ;)
Aw thank you! I don't have any others posted but I have a few that I might put up(:
By the way, can you send cash? Thanks,:)
lukn at ironman b4 i go to sleep
i will see him perform that song live
twitter is the place to find friends.
Congrats to #WHSbaseball on being sectional champs.
I'll keep loving him until the day he pushes me away ..
Master's is here - will you be watching?
another combatives course:)
aww :/ I'm going with my dad & his family :p you could of fit in the trunk lol jk.
Get out of the heat and get in the pool!!!
If you love someone, you better prove it. Because love is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
Cook as MC=hilarity ensues RT : ICYMI: Don't miss out on #RichieFest this Saturday night, or the terrorists win!...
*falls on floor and lmao* RT : The Knicks are so bad the fans would welcome John Starks back like he was Jesus!
Happy Birthday !!! Everybody show love.
i cant wait till tonight
#loopabroad is headed to Thailand! If you're 15-18 years old, check out the curriculum or download an application at www.loopabroad.com!
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top.
I dread Mondays -_-...
that's my goal and to send stuff home with my brother when he goes to Thailand with me for Spring Break
RT : Maybe I'm the only one who rarely listens to the broadcasters... Hard when we got a Hall of Camera like Uecker!!
No problem. Some ribs will make the shame go away ;-)
Cliff Harris! <U+201C>: Where's our secondary help!?! NOO RT : With the 23rd pick Lions have drafted OT Riley Reiff
lol what part of Tennessee are you moving too?
RT : The trouble with leadership is that anyone who wants it shouldn't be trusted with it.
Windex is from Jesus.
Students and community allies: Follow the ! Get updates and suggest ideas for YOUR representative body!
Getting ready for a class chat on copyright issues in distance education.
Like ALL my posts! -Alexis-
The Brewers play the Athletics in Oakland today with a scheduled start time of 2:00 PM CT.
that's a shame. Both he and sister Gladys had a ROUGH childhood, very itinerant with an ill father. If people would do >>
oh well i can , but if u cant thats alroight
Nice to meet you Brent. WE followed back. Thanks for the follow.
Adele's performances only get better and better!
Follow me & check your mentions:) cos i follow back!
The under lying bias of new media is exactly the same as those that Marshal McLuhen expounded regarding early analog media
Is this business plan for the cloud processing you have been doing?
For the Most Advanced, Best built, Smallest, and Quietest automated Phoroptor available, visit Reichert booth
the crushing defeat!
one would hope, but don't see it happening. Beane doesn't seem like the one to admit he is wrong by DFA'ing a 2-yr contract
I'm really looking forward to that new Jill Scott
my body feels over whelmed.
doing one of my favorite things-- cuddled up in bed falling asleep to adorable weezer love songs . i want a man like this!
Ah, yes. Bless me with your wisdom.
you get paid enough for the little you do, so shut up...lol
The same girl who thought Iranians were Arabs in this class is wearing an Israel independence day shirt today. LOL
Stayed in with our morel feast; where'd you end up?
even if you're #beetlejuice,
This trial is a great waste of taxpayers $'s. Leave the man and his children alone.
Ah, the internet. Why it's the happiest place on earth! ;)
Looking forward to seeing folks in the ol' Boulder stomping ground this week.
I miss nap time
what we do?
Just bought Christmas present for at indie craft experience. No it's not felt, but it's still awesome. Mommy next!
Brushing off the Super Bowl hangover for my first trip to the Beanpot tonight
I'm diing pretty good. So good I might ask my boss for a raise.
Worst night ever.
tweet was totally about me lol
It is so borin
are you a fan of Tracy Morgan?
Hope everyone is hungry. 5:00 today at McMurty Courts we have our first Summer Session of BBQ, Beer, Volleyball and PRIZES! See you there
The people should not pledge allegiance to the government; the government should pledge allegiance to the people. -Michael Lind
Living wit the hell i've made for myself....
i have been going to shows for longer than I would like to admit. my favorite hip hop act not named public enemy
So do I look jailbait enough for you to tweet me?
Highly anticipating the new Nas album
Wut to do for the rest of the day
LOL I DON'T KNOW. IM CONFUSED.
18:27 Taking care of business now
I believe their inability to contain TCU's passing game caused them to lose
right on, see you at The Double Door!
How into your workout can you be if you're reading a book at the same time
"No steam or gas drives anything until it is confined. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined."
True words of Wisdom
gotta take some "me" time now and then.
Thanks for the tweet about GoingOn. Let me know if you're interested in a demo. Would love to get your feedback.
2NIGHT ITS TWITTER THURSDAYS W/ BDAY PARTY! THE ONLY PLACE 2 B 2NIGHT!
Knowing someone you love dont feel the same way about you, memories, they soon delete.
Back to Miami already? Yes
Democratic Womens<U+2019> Group Arises
Just finished painting... turned out amazing. I will be sharing soon. Live your life awake... WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE!
Well thanks for coming in we're glad you enjoyed the ravioli!
There's still room in our beginner's brewing class tonight. Starts at 7. Start a hobby where the reward is beer!
But seriously, yours sounds like the opposite of despair & misery. & I don't know exactly wht it is bt I need some Sichuanbacon.
My apologies to Bo Ryan... Florida State you suck
Hey , I'd love to come visit with you and Ms. I really miss you both :) I may have a chance to visit next summer.
I wiSh I had her beautiful curly hair
Cubs beat the Cards in walk off fashion. Even though we're on our way to a 60 win season, it's always great to beat your rival!
Clean Coal Campaign Teams with NASCAR - Power Engineering Magazine
I enjoy reading this because I picture a fish bluff catching you and you rage tweeting in the parking lot.
thank you sweetie,you know you the best too!!!
Uh huh. Lol cause i didnt wanna trun off yalls notifications to my phone but my battery does NOT needa die lol.
is my favorite person to follow. Freakin' hilarious!
hopefully it wont
Latest DIY: printing quotes from my "words" pin board onto parchment colored card stock and framing- pix to follow!
We need to pull that change outta our pocket books.. We can use it, but hardly do..
I will do my best to do pre-exercise. Not making any promises, though. :-)
#ChuckNorris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris
U Serious Huh???
#imagine Austin:hey cutie Girl:wazzup Austin:not you im tlkin bout *yourname* You:*smile* -anna
Has anyone taken the Gurumastermind course(s)?
never make a bet in pasos
before school? Yeah, it's gonna be a good day whether its raining or not.
My baby cousin said "A mi me gusta grande todo" and I couldn't resist but saying "that's what she said" lol
no I dvrd the show tonight but now I see u got eliminated. I'm so sad :( stupid show
where r u? Lol
cool ranch??
wow...at 1st glance I thought your headline read "Vista man in souffle with deputies "...that would have been interesting!
including you? One. :) I'm really not sure, but Sojo had a strong Reformed Judaism following. Glad you met Jim. He's great.
Aaron was on time at work for the first time today!!! Let's celebrate!!
NY or SF?
Swaggie.... Even my phone spells swaggy like swaggie and if I try to type swaggy my phone puts saggy
having a laughing problem?
Mines the day after your's!(:
understandable no rush man do what you gotta do!
RT if u were born on your Birthday, I cant be the only one!(:
the sun is out, me want to be in flip flops!
Stop by and try one of our many signature salads or sandwiches or create your own just the way you want it!
Heading to KCMO's Center High School to participate in career event. Will do my best not to scare them away from advertising/design.
Doube Stuff Oreos are NO JOKE
my mission was to kill them...
what language do you dream in?
*sigh* Sometimes people just bewilder me.
DUKES of Dixieland "When Country meets Dixie" album is coming. Oak Ridge boys, Lathan Moore, Wesley Probst. KC arrangements. a hoot!!
Can we be friends ? I want your shins :)
happy birthday sir
Pole dancing classes are just as bad as books on how to suck cock.
If you have the chance to come visit me in Dallas, we will take you there! The pizza is awesome!
hm wat a fuckin life we live
Ouch. The grammar on signs and in the newspaper is one of the bigger disappointments in Muncie. That, and the civil engineering.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. It's the only thing that ever has. -Margaret Mead
I have tea in the morning rather than coffee. Coffee shouts, <U+201C>Wake up!<U+201D> Tea just suggests it in a calm, civilized tone.
We have much to do together, Let us do it in wisdom and love and joy..Let us make this the human experience ~ Gary Zukav
Sorry we missed you! Thank you so much for sharing our hours with others. I'd be happy to give you a tour in the future!
I'm a reporter with SD union tribune, working on story re St. Jude Academy closing its doors. Would like to do interview.
Big win!!
It's my dads bday tomorrow...looks like a celebration all weekend!
Thank you for your support!
Just finished interviewing Julianne Yates of Gallery Heist for Culturcosm. "Now or Never" indeed! Inspiring.
Remodel of by #FluxDesign , slated for install just after Easter!!
Oh..I mean certain people follow it, but, some are like "Fuck this! I'm just gonna wear this!"
- simple, have your husband by "calorie offsets" from you.
Getting schooled on Etta James right now by my Uncle. Now playing Come A Little Closer album circa 1974.
If you want an example of what not to write in a super hero movie, then be sure to watch Wolverine.
We need to hear more than anything right now!n HE>i John 3:30
<U+201C>: Drake told me that she could make my pussy whistle. Challenge accepted.<U+201D>
yes, changes like that would be by altering or adding to your CSS
ugh I know <U+0001F612>
Im excited about getting a MVP pin and a bobblehead on Sunday
How many of you also enjoy watching CELEBRITY APPRENTICE, and DANCING WITH THE STARS? They fuss too much on the first tv show. I watch it.
Mr Bigshot in the building...(Words 4rm Mr Production "The Guy" A Man After Gods Own Heart)!!!
'And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy / I guess I'm getting high off my own supply' I wish Dre would do this more often.
yes they need 2 go soon! rt @ osumom09 some one need to take off.
. it was Yogi's
<U+201C>: S/o to my new followers :) <U+201D> Thanks for the mention!
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails
I want to eat mac n cheese all day everyday
Yeah, in Stars, he goes off to the US for his first year of Harvard.
Me too! i need a tan for my BFAW!
Getting there - ONLY 5 more "Likes" to go......(for a humble beginning ;-) Please feel free to ask friends. Love you. Thanks! <U+2665>
"If you want, you could have ones with lines, but that's really about as much as you can handle. Maybe graph lines. MAYBE."
awesome job! Hope we treated you well at the Blue Star!
<U+201C>: To all Miami Heat fans/supporters/sympathizers: We're in a fight. Don't call me. #knicksin7<U+201D> FYI people!
I was gonna tell you guys a poop joke, but its too corny
I got an 8 o' clock appointment with God's word......
God please help me in times of pain. Please help me find the way, and to always lift myself up after I've fallen.
our pleasure! :)
girls don't text first boys suppose to text first so gettch some
Dream what you want to dream; Go where you want to go; Be what you want to be, Because you have only one life And one chance to do all...
I said Kalon is a liar, fraud and narcissist. Add to that psychopath. Seriously. I think he's psycho. Mark my words.
When u posting up the pics u took
I love lower body weight reps, because I can tweet the time away.
nicole ari parker still bad
Girl just asked if -3 is more than -2 #weak #HowAreYouInThisClass ?
www.williamsoncadillac.com www.agingbackwards.com www.monelgourmet.com were added to #TomorrowBook is your website logo on TomorrowBook?
All individual cabinets are 50% off the marked price at the Washington Co. ReStore all month. Come start or complete your project.
mckernansports thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
ha, cool. Did you watch the iCarly? omFG
hey Madison(: so you should hit my follow button cause YOLO.
The more I hear, the more convinced I am that Andrew Young was the problem. Cheating on your wife is bad, but what Young did is slimy.
barbs tweet us and tell you friends to follow we will hook u and your OOC brother up LOL
I'm smoking on that gas
sure you are lol
how many days till okoboji I lost count?
Starting tomorrow will have Brew Dr. Kombucha on sale for 2/$6! Sale continues til the end of November.
what does "losecond" mean???
Don't do this to me.....expecialy in front of someone like her -_-
Weekend train service will be the death of me. 2 hours to get to JFK from my apt? You gotta be kidding.
Get down to Lunar tonight for some Pre-Valentines Day celebrations!! I'll be downstairs all night!!
no problem and thanks for mine :D
come to vegas!
we got a pack of librarians hunting for some fun. What/where tonite?
Happy birthday to havent seen you since like 8th grade... Hope your doing great! Keep up with your music kiddo. God bless! <3333
I miss you megs!
Congrats on the excellent presentations today Crisis PR
Well, he is scary. Look at the jaw on that guy. One of my fave Disney movies:-)
Happy Easter! Catch up time. Lunch? Drinks?
HBCU Students EVERYWHERE - Should be tweeting #HBCUAwards come 6pm tomorrow. Make sure rase attention to the African American Community.
Thanks for the mention!
now I'm just doing it on purpose (:
checkn wit da bffs but it looks like Evergreen
i would get 80 tho....would only pocket 20...u would be out 20...u go back to school
for you. I'll get the chocolate dip stuff so talk to about the cheese stuff is bringing wine.
can you tape it and send it to me? xo love you
The mannequins at American Apparel on 6th Ave and Bleecker aren't wearing bras! Good shit y'all, come thru!
thanks so much <33
:'-) MT : Before I knew who he was,Junebug hustled me on my gig at Utopia. Boy,I felt like a fool. Great player,bright spirit
who was on da bus today
No food and no one on campus wahh :(
Bol oh QT : I ain't paying for it so I ain't tripping
Another day, another dollar...
I think the mom is too skinny. Am I wrong?
upload a pic already!
We all live each day w/ the same amount of time...24 hrs. Those who are most successful choose how they use their minutes wisely.
Playing fruit ninja makes me want some fruit
Friday May 11th, 2012 from 7pm-Midnight! CRAVE presents the MN Affiliate of Susan G. Komen for the Cure - Pink Carpet Event!
followed x
I'm so glad I finally got to see again today. Its been FOREVER. I missed my best friend so much. There's no one better. :)
blimey right you are Sir. Worked a treat. Good, that's my subway ride home sorted wallowing as City get a podcast big up.
They stay thristy like ah animal in a desert.
LOLL this made me laugh broo
CASHERS TOP SUPER BOWL PROP PLAYS: Patriots OVER 5.5 3rd down Conversions YES to both teams making a FG OVER 33 yards (+140)
Yet another Halloween and also the scary Kardashian wedding/divorce extravaganza! Honestly, what would we do without good books?
Copywriting rules: you're not a property investment portfolio, you're selling financial independece.
The first music I ever remember hearing was the superman theme, so John Williams is big on my list
Just stared at Nathan Jerde's HoZac Blackout poster for thirty minutes. Fell asleep. Woke up drunk!
Follow us too! Let's work together to get rid of #HFCS!
Backyard BBQ, Man they Rock!
My fingers hurt like so bad
stop touching yourself
but fuck who u want and fuck who you like! THATS OUR LIFE NO END IN SIGHT!
RT Fridays are crap without
suck one
will gather at their Silent Auction, 5/1, 6-9 PM, Poe Middle Schl. More info at fairfaxchoralsociety.org Catered by Hard Times Cafe. COME!
Yes!!! Last karaoke singer singing to a No Doubt song. The night has bern salvaged! :D
I'm going to convince my mom to take me and my cousin there before she goes to work
at the bar that dare not speak its name.
sometimes I enjoy pointless crap too :P
this finale is making no sense. the scenes are so sporadic!
BEST FRAN DAY WITH :D
Women in business... and we have to travel too?? Lisa and Cheryl offered up some good tips today!
Bring Back secret circle! I don't understand it had almost the same ratings as Vamp. Diaries, which is your highest rating show!
someone pull a hill with mee
Thanks! Been looking to get there for _ages_, and now with 2013 SFRA it'll be twice the next year.
It's a bullshit story. You don't need to do that.
Happy Birthday Lucia!!!
it's very nice
I'm fine but my pussys finer <U+30C4>
Is an Eazy E hologram too much to ask for tonight?
Worrying only about me, my child, and MY family. They're far from perfect, but I love them more than anything! (:
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep insights can be winnowed from deep nonsense. Carl Sagan
We have the freedom to believe what we want in this country! Which is why I choose to believe it won't snow tomorrow.
wyatt family dinner conversation of the night= world longest and oldest river trivia
It's been great, it's been swell... Can we make everyone leave now?
I haven't taken a shower in 5 days #hipsterlife #twerk it out
Geneva has the most amazing spas...had the most blissful, heavenly experience<U+2665> Now onto late lunch trying the infamous Fresh D'lite Grill(:
Well played Sir!
Happy birthday to Bob Marley, the legend.
Pretentious coffee sounds great. Tuesday or Thursday best for me. Let me know!
Gurl, chill that winky face out..
I am now following 2,000 people.
I'm gonna stop trying right then.
Congrats RT : <U+201C>: League source confirms four-year deal for Lions rookie wide receiver Ryan Broyles.<U+201D>
Mommy Time in ONE week!!!!
You can be on the radio. get in touch.
No one likes a hypebeast
Just completed a nat'l commercial audition. It was my perfect type. And it went very well! Fingers crossed.
You can't drive without car insurance.
thank you my son
Looking at apartments!
Just hopped on the Amtrak in New Orleans after meetings at the Final Four
It was like of him and his friends and it said HI. (:
- Yes - and what He experienced to gain it all back and some...
follow back bitch
: I like your tweets. Happy 4th of July 2 u 2
Are you ready for the end of the world on Saturday? Might want to get cleaned up before rapture.
Delta pre check saved me at least 30 mins in line today!!! Ah-mazing!
Enjoying a few seconds of R&R before rejoining the fray of hundreds of noobs in Manhattan
Boo. Who u talking about?
Audience Partners: top website visited by Republicans. #Targus interactive insight summit
Hi Christina! Just wanted to say THANKS for ur sweet msg! Thx 4 watching! :)
no school. now to the mall :)
Ok #padres, are you going to try to convince me that all these strikeouts at home are because of #petcopark?
Making farting noises in German>>
just passed the welcome to illinois sign!!
Testing my VST Instrument in Cubase Today...
I wish that hissing had succeeded booing as the standard vocalization of disapproval
Well isn't this the truth RT : Mom forgot to buy Fruit Roll Ups from the store!
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee.
Oh no! RT : #officer 3 gongs coming from the lookout and a report on the telephone <U+2013> Iceberg Right Ahead. Hard-a-starboard!!
It's actually a key repository for gut flora that are important for digestion and immune response.
"Habit is the explanation of why we seem to forget things so quickly." Remarque, "All Quiet on the Western Front"
They say, best men are moulded out of faults, <br>And, for the most, become much more the better <br>For being a little bad.
cafeteria duty
I know! You're so bossy! I feel bad for !
Tickets for our PJ Party on the Trolley with Chris Monroe on sale tonight at 7pm! Check out our website for more info!
Stupid dude hit my chin and didn't even apologize <U+0001F621>
your gay
to Europe for a year. That boys definitely got my heart...and he'll never even know it.
the amazing thing about Steve Jobs wasn't just that he was honest, he was also right.
with your god ma! How you doin? We miss ya!
"Current city 311 system is a road to nowhere," says caller to our Town Hall, regarding vacants. Call 1-888-886-6603, ext.17188# to listen
I love where a day can end up... As in randomly on the radio. Thanks and ! Playing the epicurean in p'ville @ 9
make that happen!
Alright well sorry. But you are kinda a Packer hater.
I thought a flash drive was when you drove by someone and showed them your dick
Phil 911 -- Help! He's Having a Heart Attack!Jennifer Hudson Hospitalized for Food Poisoning
bought my Dallas ticket! 6 months in advance :D can't wait to see u guys! i shall camp out with other killjoys and eat power pup
I wish would tell us where Peyton Manning will play next season. Getting tired of hearing and reading stories about him.
wishes Mr. Miyagi had trained me.
guy has a great last name
Noah-- what kind of tips are u looking for?
tomorrow (sunday) is our show at the nashville jazz workshop. 7-9pm. come hear the other music. #nashville jazz
Madison No Fear Dentistry is looking for a talented, fun, and passionate Associate Dentist to join our team! Call 608-836-5700
Good Morning World!! Currently at 7:56am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 64* Low: 46*
Hope u recovering well brotha. I know how it feels. I know nothing is gonna keep u down though.
No just County Fair/Hickory Hill/Sweet 16. I'm thinking abt bigger proj re postwar girls/intell spaces & hadn't thought of 4H.
Workin on finals bleh, at least I had an awesome St. Patricks Day!
Great Game, great dinner and great friends:)
Watching the parent trap with Lindsey Lohan just look at her then and now it's a shame now. I want our Lindsey Lohan back that we knew more
Clients: our phone system is down for incoming calls. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please contact us via email until resolved.
RT : I'm convinced...CJ Watson had classes in the basement in High School
With our luck.. Jail #Blazers then Frail #Blazers now Fail #Blazers next its Hail #Blazers, a bunch of awful 5 foot slow Neo Nazis.
Would you be interested in doing a story on a diabetic disabled personal trainer who helps kids w/cerebral palsy& motivates ppl
Bumped into David schwimmer w his very pregnant gf Zoe buckman. She must be do soon. He was rather camera shy
The MARINE in me is fighting with the GOD in me. I don't take threats lightly. Especially directed to my seed! It's on!
RT : 1. Statement of learning goals is first priority 2. Match between learning goals and type of assessment
Spent the last 2 hours pretending to be 7 year olds with and !!!!!!
Yeah. What shocks me is that there are so many willing buyers.
Can't tell if synonyms or multiple choice. If it's multiple choice, which one won't scare the crap out of me?
you're welcomee (: ,ohh & one questionn ,are you from the USA? ((:
Rise n shine. Have to get the day going.
<U+201C>: I AM SO READY FOR BARCELONA!!! is June 15th - 17th <U+2026> who else wants to go with and I? I wish I could.
isn't it on coral way..not bird..which is 40th. You suck at directions lol
What do you make of all this media hype surrounding the UK-IU game? It seems way over the top to me?
Beautiful muscle babies they would be!
you look hot check us .com for a cham\nce at 50k and a modeling contract
I hope soo
haters might chatter but we aint really trippn tho
Just played a soccer game; now on my way to Chick-Fil-A for my brother's 6th birthday(:
People are still falling for the "someone said something horrible about you" Twitter scam?? How?
tim salmon?
Western & Southern Financial Group, with 10 offices in IND, are looking for Sales rep. Top 100 US Training Programs. Visit them!
thanks for playing our song "Wanted the Illist" in the mix
Baltimore bartender & cocktail revivalist Brendan Dorr on Midday Eats with Hong & Shields, 1 pm
As reflected by that last tweet, due to travel/schedule conflicts I've had to reschedule this months' office hours to 5/23.
How did I miss this announcement? This is awesome news - can't wait! :-)
Happy Fat Tuesday, the day people drink like theres no bottom and dress like theres no top! thanks !!
lol u wont pass out dramatico !.
It's just not Final Destination without multiple people being impaled...
Getting close to my 9,000th tweet
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work. ;) 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
keep hearing that ..what is it?
u inspire me to believe that there is a guy out there that will treet me right
2011 I plan to some changes. My choices will be different. It's time to make a true difference.
yes! :) btw I love your icon.
would you rather have it any different?
Had a great time singin in Iowa this weekend. Now time to head back to Nashville - but not until I have lunch with my dad!
Partying on Friday in Austin!!
Yay! Let's get some good news!
This Saturday is the parade. PLS RT post your photos to #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
I like Big Brains, Quick wits, Deep Thoughts, ankles & feet & everything else that comes attached naturally; clean
I am hungry for success! I am not their yet but I am on my way!
When your brain makes every single song, place, food, picture, movie, & thing somehow relate exactly to what's on your mind...
Well, Rush can retire now, Kirk Cameron is ready to step in for him, geeze
thanks for an invite...friend
I feel crappy.
It's Happy Hour all day long! Come by and have a beer and BBQ Beef Ribs.
not true... I'm right next to you. Haha
Thanks for the work you did this week. I'm sorry we could not connect after the session.
when I read this tweet, the song came on(:
Where should I put my tattoo shop? Getting ready to look for locations soon.
Partyin with all the Tallarico grandchildren...
<U+201C>: Ommgggg just followed me <U+0001F631><U+0001F60D> #bffsagain<U+201D> lol and you followed me back! <U+0001F609><U+0001F44D>
If you have an ought with someone take it to them. Harboring anger inside hardens your heart.
OMG What do she got on? SHE RATCHET!
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxdo I love my phone
"Annie" (most famous red-hair girl, eva!!) ;)
Deal or No Deal Model Ursula Mayes by dohn121
Good to hear your better now. Hope you recover fast. Yeah! Life is good, better take good care of your health. always add...
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash. 1. Pres Ctrl + ALT + Delete Then start task manager, under the application tab...
Twitters being a ratred.
Awesome! Thanks..
I have literally done that. Programming has its highs and lows.
u need to come holla at me thinking bout a trip in may
boys I meet randomly at the beach and vacation think I am. Wut is life :0?
when youre in a sucky mood and you go on to twitter only to find that everyone else is having a great day<<oh and first flat tire today.whoo
HOORAY! Thanks for all the updates!
called me and screamed in the phone after she watched the mail vlog today. Haha too funny
joe rocks. How were the kids on the ride? Hopefully u and joe can come out for roxann & my Christmas party Saturday night
loved your photos on playbill! I wanted to check out the Hoboken art fair but was at crumbs all day /:
that's awesome! I'm great! Back in Columbus. How are you???
Sometimes all you can say is: 'Who Cares!!!!!'
Exciting and entertaining bowl game! Go NIU! Get that ref's mic fixed!
studio session @ 3 1st of the new year.
Alert! Alert! Thursday Drunks are downstairs at Fanny Ann's! Well, until the karaoke starts at 9pm. *hiss*
Pretty stoked to see STOKE :) here in Kansas City, August 1st. Brit boys running wild! Hide your wife! Hide your keeddzzz! Haha :)
Happy birthday to Glazer Children's Museum, Children's Museums of New Hampshire, and Children's Museum at Holyoke!
RT : "Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." - Les Brown
Galen - and yet again they tweeted excessive zeal
you just woke up !
Did Miranda respond yet
'Twas nationwide when I logged in. Now I'm getting angry OKC fans tweeting at me. Whoops.
Cheers to you #pepguardiola - it was a glorious run. Thanks for the memories.
Your grace is all need
Hi, my name is Kiki & I love money :-)
Can you like, come teach all of the guys in Omaha this?
or maybe...BEER CAN! Good thing you are out of there. Hope you have everything you need. Let me know if I can help.
If you can't find a ticket you can always pay at the door.
Welcome BoyIwishYouWood's retreat.... I hope you enjoy your stay.. complimentary slaps available upon entry.
Wow... the end really must be near
hey will u text me? I have a question and also have to tell you something.
I may not be the best at giving advice but , I promise I'm ALWAYS here to listen . <3
-_____- it's a bad time to order but you want wings?
Singing along sotto voce to Jackson Browne in cat food aisle of Dominicks. Such is my life.
A video ad popped in the middle of the chat screen. My computer was slow, ad kept stalling - it took a few minutes.
Nelly Songs List
#dh2010 Thanks, Heard there were problems earlier.
let's go #Rams ! RT : College basketball is finally here! Come pick up all your #VCU gear and lets get ready for game time!
If they had a Penalty Jar for Douchebaggery in the Halls of DC, the National Debt would be paid off in a matter of months!
I know!! She looked like a skeleton!!
Awww wtfuuuuuck! Your getting raped on this, keep searching! :c
ok I'll try for an hour I'm still in bed (:
who has a run and walk event coming up? and need custom shirts?
thanks for the follow, m'dears :-)
I have that voice too... it also frets over my lack of a 401k and notices when I gain a few pounds.
hey case sister I'm now following
Fuck LHS. Fuck the people here. Fuck everyone. Done. I'm about to switch to ECC.
Somebody talk too me. Im bored
olivia gets hotter with age too!
Woot! Just got the ultimate compliment from a prof (teaching his class for first time): "I learned a lot .. and I use PubMed all the time!"
why yes I did!!!! Do a lil dance
Damn it...did it again. Stayed up drooling over other people's home interior. I'm obsessed.
um someone suggest a live chat site i can go to!?
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine.
"Golden slumbers fill your eyes. Smiles awake you when you rise." ::the beatles::golden slumbers::
Couldn<U+2019>t say we blame you! RT: Think I'm addicted to Sunbelt's granola bars
heard you take it up the ass like your daddy
I blame the chick that was swaying behind me last night. I wonder how her head feels today.
Well, I think its up to us to assure not only our survival but animals as well, extinction is not an option in my eyes....
Hey Tyler Good Afternoon ;) u really should consider following my twin sis & I :D That would be the coolest! <3
I'm good with all the driving I do. I just need someone to help me get my coat off when I'm going 90 mph.
ok cool don't be excited to see me. it's all good, bro.
nah im just kidding brah
Get out of my head.
Sugar Ray makes my 7a.m. alarm not so awful, wicka wicka
good post but with defensive needs & possibly the need for a Center, would you prefer their 2nd rd pick?
Hey maybe come to Port au Prince? Play with ?
There is nothing like waking up early knowing that over 2000 years ago the stone was rolled away and the tomb was empty. Thank you Jesus!
Gaborik with the game winner! Saving us from quadruple overtime, #rangers win 2-1!
Hahaha is absolutely clowning on and So good.
#kitchenpetpeeves has to be the funniest/most true thing I've ever read on the Internet
when you look good, you feel good.
this really works I just tried it. Thank you.
Looking for contract mortgage professionals in the following positions: Fin Systems Analyst, Dev. I and Sr.Bus. Analyst in Big D.
Missing someone is a horrible feeling, but knowing that they don't miss you back is so much worse.
thanks for following
Well put Mr. Glover.
beautiful afternoon in the couve
All kiddie rides are only 1 token tonight from 6 to 7 at Fantasy Island! Plus 20% off all merch in the arcade before 3!
I haven't even been fully awake for 2 hours and today is already a shitty pile of annoyance. :/
S/O !!! Bra stay promoting!!
cop a small
And LA is like the ambivalent girlfriend you're pretty sure is cheating on you with somebody really lame.
let him free lol
<U+201C>: Would've loved to have been on the taxi with you !<U+201D>...crazy driver was making slide back and forth on seat! Hard to text!
Broke bitches so crusty DISGUST ME!
I guess all NU'EST fans are NUSES now.
you already gone for
It's Friday, yup. <U+201C>: Overheard at the office from : "I can get virality out of #yourmom"<U+201D>
I'm going to miss my best friend more <U+0001F622>
If I get 1.000 Followers I'll Make a Follow Back on <3 You Can tell me a Number, how much I should follow
That being said, I don't expect more than 17 wins.
Real reason #pens lost is was not last player off ice in warmup. Letang stayed on ice to do interview after Geno left.
that is an amazing thing of you to say
Happy Thanksgiving! Wishing you all health, love, prosperity and having fun!
To storage shelter by bj's to put stuff away
Hey i'm back from the movie haha was a nice movie :)
Instagram: 551 days old = 1 billion... New York Times: 116 years old = 967 million... The times they are a-changin'!
I never thought about the speed of language before. This really got me thinking :-)
ughh, realizing that I have a sensitivity to wheat after a little experiment. wahhhh :'(
We now have secure login process with email verification. Now to make it pretty.
right.. i don't know :l
Fans, especially out of town ones like myself, are lucky to have you and Patrick covering the team.
Congrats Octavia Spencer. Viola though was the real Oscar revolutionary with Esperanza in the vanguard.
Earl grey and english muffins? I feel like a regular redcoat!
INTERNSHIP: Mass spectrometry, Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute (Suitland, MD) Possible stipend. Contact
oh okay(: doesn't everyone?
Happy #TT to all who travel, live, study, and volunteer in other countries offering natives respect they deserve in their own homes/land.
Sotomayor asks if AZ's position is that no one can face immigration ?'a unless an officer first has probable cause for arrest.
think u ment to say owwwwwww sexy
readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective. Their English book descriptions = priceless. Is "teutonically lush" a thing?
Hey how long will you be in Boston?
Working on story about Wrightstown's Craig Nennig. His Grandpa was drafted by the Cardinals but declined to be with his wife instead. Aw
u two played great Sunday! Stay focused good things will come. Enjoy the time off
Cant wait for the Dead Throne tour to roll through with and
n I was the one who told my bro, to ask his followers for their opinions n thoughts towards what I tweeted
nice! howdy from an alabama expat and jealous wilco fan.
OFF TO THE GYM SUCKS=CARDIO
maybe he was just trying to check out the new tattoo? Hahaha.
The Rockies & Braves are playing a 1pm game... Come grab some lunch and watch a little bit of America's pasttime.
Love @ First Bite! Sink UR teeth in2 a nite of a #romance & #passion Dress like a #Vampire this Friday & get in for FREE!
Zed's Dead Baby #threewordfilms film
i actually have a reason to live
Can't wait for the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ fest this weekend. 3rd year in a row. Shame their website, ticket sales crashed multiple times
Yay!(: I FINALLY got checked out of school!
a century-old rivalry may be over, but i will forever despise kU. chancellor gray-little's comment shows how bitter kansas is.
BIG TRUCK DAY is May 12th -10am to 2pm at Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway
I'll start my play calling now. It's all good. <U+201C>: What is going on Packers!?<U+201D>
Love the randomness of USPS delivery. Each morning the entire street delivers mail 2 the proper doors. A plot 2 make us speak 2 each other?
Thx for mentions & support
So excited to see on ridiculousness tonight :)
The President is calling it like he sees it. Great start!
One day I'll be just like :D
do you have the link to watch this online?
Might go to the <U+E42B> game tonight!!:)
Will DM u, had a stumbling block, but trying to get updated version up this wkend. i.e. before nxt wk's hearing.
Should have bagged it for you J! Smelled like a new cash cover to me!!
Drinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
I have high hopes. First gen phones always suffer growing pains, but the second gen are going to be awesome.
No, only 2 hours!
I'm about to watch it, I'll tell you if I cryed or not
I just got back from school and I'm leaving to another.#itSUCKS I know right?!?!
yes! fresh is best :)
holy shit!! Mike Richards and Jeff Carter traded on the same day! Flyers are blowing up the team...
PRO TIP: When u see a woman reading 50 Shades Of Gray u can walk right up to her & start making out. No questions asked.
march madness part ll
Kristen Stewart is so awkward.. Its annoying hahaa
you can do it if I can! which has perhaps not been established.
Watching the House pilot episode. It's strange to see it so close to the series finale.
were I not in a meeting I would. Enjoy
The awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone and your parents ask who you're talking to
Thank You!!=) RT : Happy Birthday, Angel! Great shots! Xoxo
nobody cares.
thanks ff. happy weekend!
will remember this #KCA for a long time!
Listening to "Nothing On You" by B.o.B ft. Bruno Mars <3
chill out!!
&& then this bitch was using an umbrella! Wtf!? It ain't raining!
Say My Name Say My Name He Acting Kinda Of Shame He Aint Calling Mhe Babyee
big head? Not me lol. Well that's good.
Sometimes when I can't sleep I rub my body in Vaseline and slide around the house and pretend that I'm a slug...
follow back its Marcello
Raleigh Radon is now a LEED Green Associate!
Hell ya! : HOMER ORIOLES!!! They lead 2-1!!
Any advice about moving to Alaska???
Are people downtown retarded today? Garsh! Pay attention!
Hey there, (SimpleCEO), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I'm very interested in being nominated 4 ur wellness home initiative! Thank u 4 doing such a wonderful thing!
Divided We Fail: subject of today's regional forum. We'll be discussing #equity & #comm_college completion rates in LA County.
I am throwing a local show in Los Angeles, CA so we can start printing. Any bands out there down to play?
Today's BTU inspiration: "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." ~e.e. cummings
LOL! Hey you should have come here on Friday, I bought everyone shots. You always miss out
so excited for the weekend...I need a lay in!
HRResourcePortal.com = HR Vendor: $10 per month, minimum 3 month listing. Your Company, URL, Email link, 80 word description, searchable.
": Real estate in Brooklyn allow #bklynfood scene to afford kitchen space + storefront. Where's that in DC?" / mt.p pls?
you used to
Yea! Glad you came is on the radio :)
Started smoking again because food cravings are HELL
Has anyone received their mandated pony yet?
State of physical, mental & emotional is def of health, says 's Gary Oxman. Healthy Connected City promotes health & equity.
Revisiting drummer Ralph Peterson's "Outer Reaches" This gig has some ripping guitar by Dave Fiuczynski and Pat Bianchi cooks on the B3.Nice
Did NOT get up & run right away this morning, now it's pretty hot inland. Driving down by the lake to run instead..because I can.
I wished we lived closer to David <U+0001F614>
i like this pic a lot<333
DA WORST FEELING EVER IS BEING IN LOVE BY YOURSELF
makes sense. Most nfl players are assholes. is the exact opposite though
The smallest woman can break the biggest man in the world with three little words: Is it in?
1st pick NFL week 4 - Bengals/Brown 37 pts. #TakeTheOver Bengals come out of offensive funk and put up big numbers
2NITE! AREA702: The Ghost Inside, First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundredth. got cheap tickets still! PM for details not much left
HEY GUY FOLLOW (: Her tweets are awesome
hi thanks for following me
Back to PA. Driving 6 hrs is really fun.
#IfIHadThePower I would
Thank you! We'll send some invites your way, hope you can come...
note taken! :)
Student tells Board: "Like others, I have benefitted from the FLES program. Please don't cut it."
Thanks for helping out so many of our Partners with their taxes. So honored to be able to recommend you each year! :-)
Watching my favorite movie, Grease :D
did we just fist pump and blow it up?
yeah i know me and you both just miss waking up early to watch cartoons all day haha
The phones are ringing off the hook now that my minion have the correct number.
yeah? I could ditch work too, but only for good seats! Where are we sitting? I'm thinking Sec 135.
That moment when you think your liver hurts by you Keep going I need a coach no one can keep up
I'm wondering the same thing.
three things were bad about it the long walks,people,and the price of food the good thing about was the rides and the teen girls
Good for Conn. Death penalty flawed in application, shld be band nat'nwide
Waiting for lakers game to start this orlando vs Boston game intense I love the NBA
Nice meeting u in person Sarah. Great job! Great seeing u guys
I think it's blackberry and I've never tried it but I want to.
Very Cool, Pam! It feels so good to get things DONE!
Yup, #PR, on the social media side. Great to hear you're liking your Sensation!
Wow that just pissed me of
HELL EFFIN YEAH BRUINS!!!!!!!
I get to go too another party gonna stay up all night this time(;
Special Thanks to our guest speaker CPT Ken Barrett from the for his service to the nation.
Aww, I liked Husk.
"we're on our way to meet Uncle Cracker, officer<U+2026>." best story i've heard in a round :)
The sun is out and hoping the rain will stay away....stop on by and try something off the Brunch Menu...
Playing tonight at Cafe Che Pasta with the usual and some unusual suspects. Stop by around 6pm if you feel like swinging...
Just a heads up, next time you're here, I'm inviting myself to cocktails with you.
At a T-Shirt shop in my neiborhood called Alvin's Island.
it's a very nice day
Thumbin threw the check!
Dieting is evil. But what else can you do when it's a must?! Grrr
Heading to Palm Springs tonight. Nostalgic architecture, vintage furniture galore, and still feels like summer at 95 degrees!
You loving for me makes me wanna go bananas<U+0001F48F>
Audre Lorde~ Revolution is not a onetime event.
What a great start to my first #packers game!
My mom wants me to break up w/ she says I need to start seeing other bands! lol
Ha, thanks. I made like 2 more, but Im not gonna ask u to read them :) You've already been kind enought to read 2 <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
#Pl300 is my middle name bitches! ;D
IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS THAT THESE ARE LA REFS
<U+201C>: The Human Centipede was kinda lame. Not as disgusting as I was expecting.<U+201D> Needs more cuttlefish
2011 is dead, long live 2012!
LoL can ya believe the kegs got switched? Yep that means back to Blues City retrieve 1 return other....at least its all on ny way.
Thanks so much Dylan:-)
follow back please?
EfS Standard A. Cultural Preservation & Transformation - Discern w/ others what to preserve and change so that future generations may thrive
or...marry a chic that's pregnant with another dude's baby?
Hope the same for you!
be happy:D
thanks for the advice . Specialized crepe pan and a french accent
WISHING EVERYONE A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR HAVE FUN SAFE !!!! 2012
ATTENTION IS THIS THING ON.....LBS? ???
Best way to start a Saturday
Headshot Tip: Do not use the same backgrounds and lighting styles for different looks...switch it up for variety and intrigue!
Now I drink New Belgium Dig beer.
I'm thirsty. Pregame warm-up starts now.
The image looking clearer i trust no one but the man in the mirror , me -
Also excellent attendees. I went the first year just for JoCo and Hodgman but still found it exhilarating. Ask !
The Nova on Mt. St. Helens was not as entertaining as I... Wait, never mind.
You too hear a blizzard is heading towards Baltimore
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Massage Heights Moms. Take the time to focus on you and be good to yourself. Live. Life. Better.<U+2122>
Do you think Joe Block has been well received so far? I think he's great but haven't heard other opinions.
I've emailed a few Radio DJ's a clean version of the New King Louie Single Val Venus being pushed by Lawless Inc./Epic
You have a ping pong table right? Next weekend it's on.
Ladies & gentlemen: i'm in the studio! Pray 4 Creative Grace
thus speaks fairness, observation, proportionality, justice
Need me for wat lesbian lolRT : ": I want some cereal real bad Lol goodmornin <U+0001F601><U+0001F601>" i need u ..
I love myself and it feel so good! Ain no other love like it <U+0001F60A>
Brittney spears sings r soo great but I hate how most of them r auto tuned
Courage is knowing what not to fear. -Plato
Tip #197: Just when you think you have "MASTERED" selflessness, ask God for a little perspective & He will gladly give it!
In 23 days, I will be a senior.
Gorgui with a little hand down, man down
yes I agree
The more I watch any online education videos, the more I realize this is the wrong way to learn. Videos are just far too passive.
I got the same e-mail today as well : ))
13th #SDCChiHack is CloutBout, an app for a fantasy football-style league for social media personalities
yes. rip it off and get some big-ass band-aids.
Arm will NOT stop hurting. Does the #universe never want me to learn to ski?
Sittin her plotin how ima get my boy out of jail
I'm still wating on that Special someone <3
I need a AT&T ANDROID. ...WHO GOT ONE ?
Couple cute bitches and some bad ones to go.
Thanks SO MUCH. recving many such notices. trying damage control. This is so annoying but not surprising. have a great day.
hahaha! no groupies for dj nasty... lol at home chillin. and u?
Sat 2/25 Mark Towns Essence (Solo #Flamenco #Jazz #Guitar) at Cork Soakers #Wine Bar 7-10pm
Thanks Alli! It was all ! RT : As usual great event #smcsac crew!
I can't wait to see you again :D
On my way to talk to this promotor trying to line up a show at the rocket room in the city
#civilwar quote of day. Chesnut. 'got my carte de vista .. mine like a washer woman'
OPENLY gay staffers.
Getting excited to head to #SanAntonio #TX today for graduation this weekend!!
The adventure begins! Starting off with a mani pedi in Dallas at airport - party in MIA tonight!
#2peoplethatbelongtogether that one couple that are best friends and act like they're a couple but aren't.
OMG To munch hate:(.das not good. has the right to b happy i support him das wt true rusher do?
wow really Haley
you saw the avengers, please tell me more about how youve always been a comic book fan and how much you hate dc.
#HurricaneIrene at 115mph Winds. 115mph winds can blow down houses, root up trees and knock out power. Data Centers should take precautions.
Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget,let your friends know about this GGW event! early arrival is recommended!!
Yes sir. Right next to my sculpting desk. Nothing beats Vincent Price and monsters to get ya going in the right direction :)
Lol me. ( secretly )
I'm gonna be completely lost without Kristin. Omg
Excited about R&R HOF for Faces. Get your asses on a proper tour. First round on me.
Followed by Alicia Keys RT : 57 minutes into #Grammys2011. Six ads w/celebrity faces. All women. No men. (1 v/o w/Tim Allen).
Now my mom is straight bitching me out.
Ozzy's "Flying High Again" is on your back wall??
Really? Rain last night! Such odd weather.
Milwaukee vs. Butler Tonight 8 p.m. @ U.S. Cellular Arena - Live on ESPN...Winner dances on to the NCAA tournament...Believe!
Social skills training, vocational help for adults/teens on spectrum, sometimes medication can help with sensory.
Only 2 days left, may as well try and make the most of em, lol joke I have to revise for ICT
Plans for the Los Angeles SLAM Basketball Academy completed & launch date is Sept 1, 2009. Pro Bball Training & Skills Development 4 youths
not sure but it's some time at the beginning of May.
Today's affirmation: I trust that the universe will always meet my needs.
M, I can see why the birds like it!
is driving through the Artichoke Capital of the World.
I know you are finished. You were fin before you got started. Go put your head on your Dawkins pillow and have a good cry.
Big XO to my partner
Accidentally created a recursive tag structure in SVN. My day will consist of cleaning that up.
Can't believe no one is talking about yet another Buzz-cut at
Many Thanks for the uploads. Cheers, Love!
Love isn't easy. Its a game of give and take
So if ANYBODY talks about my Lakers losing tomorrow , they're getting cut off !
follow back?!:)
I LOVE YOU BBY!
Keep your eye out for a brand new UWeekly hitting stands tomorrow for your chance to win some #freecash!
How about Montreal?
Twitter has been way better than the game tonight.
Things that are awesome: appreciation for what you have, finding the good in people, telling people how important they are to you.
yeah like 15
Border crossing: 5 minutes, thank you god!
woot woot! If I raise the roof any higher we will be in outer space! :P
That was a little creepy.
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Homeowners Should Sell Their Home Before They Buy a New One Newbies to real estate experience lots of difficu
If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, what would he be tweeting about?
i feel ya cuz it dont make or brake me if a mahfucka dont like which side i wear minez on i'm a still b Mussalini at the end of tha day.
GET to WORK DUDE!
Hahahahah don't be like that
Hi Dylan! I love it here!
Well if your not going to reply then i'm going to bed. Just wanted to text you before i went to bed.(: Lol night.!
Same here. And I've enjoyed those events, but mostly because I get to chat w/ chip engineers, etc.
I really like having a beard because when there's a day I'm not vey productive I can check "Trim Beard" off my list and feel accomplished.
RT : Check out the today at 7:50pm Central time tonight to see Kathleen.
Haha well deserved, sir.
Oh yeah & I also met you guys exactly one year ago :') aw
"hold on for one more day!"
Whenever I hear the music to #BBCnews it always - always - reminds me of being overseas. Holla!!
Seattle friends: get yourself to the tonight. It's going to be a fun show with ! And bring your cameras.
Haters come in all forms, shapes and sizes...
How come my brother has a girlfriend, and I'm single? Not acceptable. He keeps bothering me about not having a boyfriend.
what did she do?
is my foolish friend that I enjoy chilling with. He's been my dude (pause) since day one and I will always have his back.
Go Tex ass :)
I'm so hungry, but I know if I eat this late I'll have nightmares & wake up fat. & I don't wana be living a nightmare.
I'm your sis
If you parked in the DePaul garage you must get your validation ticket from front desk before you leave the building for the party.
Mom's visiting -- doesn't want to go to this voodoo shop on bourbon due to "evil vibrations."
happy Easter and nice pik
Playing Star Wars legos w the boys, featuring too-dee-too and obi-canobe. Hee hee.
Broke out my first ever home-brewed beer. not too bad if I do say so myself. Goes real well with Iowa ahead of MSU by 17!!
I heard Britney's "Stronger" 2day and thought of your mom having it on repeat for like a year.
I know it's early but the are ballin right now
love you, they just can go #HITP like you do brotha
hey mother fucker are you okay?
Today was beyond fantastic.....sometimes the unexpected is exactly what God expected....woowoowoo2012!!!!WorkPayingOff
go to busch gardens and tan on the dirty beach... Blah lol.
First #aafmiami event with Rob Gonda from on 9/14 in merrick park. Save the date!
my current cost $TNH is $236. looking to scale back in at these levels a share at a time 1$ cost/trade...
much love baby keep showing it 2 me shawty
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
My birthday is less than two days away. I don't want to get older.
Ok boo! You can call me for anything. I'm m serious.
im sorry. But I think right now im going to think about me. Even if it might not be the right choice in other peoples eyes
In case you are thirsty, and have the Ontario Coast IPA available as a sneak peak right now. Go get some!!!
Oh fine, I'll be serious then - what kind of video are you working on?
#IAlwaysWonderIf aliens are real... That shit would be gnarly.
You not illa I'm Godzilla on hard liquor
1,000 ways to die baffles me.
time to climb the payday ladder
is the mj experience a fun game?
Gosh , am I really that funny ? :D
I'm Retired From The Fitted Game, all I do is Tweet Now......... is dead, Its the New So what is Twitter?
Only if he has a cape. Woosh. <U+0001F4A8>
Ref shielded from play makes that charge call? Huh?
Tell ur boyfriend if he says he's got beef that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fuckin scared of him!!
i refuse to watch any videos of the up all night tour DVD on youtube until i get mine in the mail
Uncle Ray did speak truff....but ya'll, Ray Watson just reminded me of Eddie Kane Jr. from the 5 heartbeat...4 real
Haha (; & Ur mom didn't think you were a virgin?
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
I'm at 120 Orchard st. LES. Style about to play w/ Underground Horns. If your in the area come thru its pretty packed. Okai Haiti
Its tough to get away with texting at night. Cops never believe that the inside of my car has a natural blue light.
Thanks for your support ! RT: " fantastic performance tonight! What a way to kickoff the next 75 years!"
thanks for the heads up!
Lots of lost looking high schoolers wandering around downtown...must be WIAA tournament time
we is not even gonna lie cuz Gucci this is all of are ring tones...but that's the only song by them we really like <U+0001F623>
stop taunting
awh man! memories haha and nice man, we don't get down until the end of May
OMG I WON!! I didn't know I don't have a mac but I do have an ipod
Hey did you ever find Tasha's jacket?
Bored ass shit
Can't believe it's been 2 years since Michael Jackson died, the music industry will forever mourn him. A solid entertainer, RIP mr jackson
Thank you Ian! A pleasure to meet you! I enjoyed yours as well.
Wishes the new website was live already... Getting closer and closer.
Happy Birthday Sir. Hope all is well bro. Keep up the great work. #Loot&Dollaz
"Metta" means "unconditional loving-kindness" & "Peace" is defined "lack of violent conflict" Ron Artest blew that all to shit
what time of yoga r u doing?
walking out now.
Up thinking about life and how crazy this world is !
Saga tonight!!!!!
i hate doing partner work in school because i end up doing it all.
that is sweet!
OMG cubicle neighbor's wife, stop calling him for directions every time you drive anywhere! He has a job to do. For now.
<U+201C>: KOrton returns to Den w/ chance to knock Broncos out of playoffs.<U+201D>
* We're goin Big Ham at Plush in ATX right now. Come hear me drop some new joints from Drankenstein 2
: how old
Work ethic know no limits!
keep submitting! better luck next time.
Washington fans are bitter. Terrence Jones is getting booed every time he touches the ball.
When you put it on its an invitation, when they play a song get on up an shake it
"The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." Theodore Roosevelt
Yeah, he was hittin it pretty hard.
me too...I don't quite get the DM unless they are auto following every one who follows them
Fire away. Please note - editing articles other people have written is not possible, but you can add them and edit your own.
If there's Two Hearted Ale, I might pack a pint glass in my panniers for when I arrive.
what the CRAP. how many weeks are you?
It took 5 minutes and %6 of my battery to sent the last tweet on #AT&T's lightning fast network<U+2026>
Last day of school.(: can't wait for Christmas.(:
RT : "Too many traditional news organizations are not operating in the digital first formats" says at
But wanted you to know that you're me! Heard Kickin' In and Shady about 50 times each! Shaking my ass!!!!
I want to say "Thank You" to all the #Greeks out there who are fighting to break free from global #Banksters. Greece is the first domino!
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
lol right I'd prob jump outta the car.
the best around and I thank God for my team.
i'm proud of me and you, because i'm a good teacher and you learned some things in spanish on skype with me I'M A GOOD TEACHER
lol my friend said has a nice ass and she wants to squeeze it xD
OurkidsASD, our sister company, is selling MOTHER WARRIORS, Jenny McCarthy's new book, AT COST for just $13.50. That's less than amazon.com.
Power outage in the Engineering Building
Crud. Just realized I forgot to prep for a work meeting tomorrow morning. Need a file I can't access remotely, didn't bring my laptop. Grr
A marathon is just a 10K with a 20 mile warm-up. #marathontraining #bostonmarathon via
#DontYouHateWhen you get to taco bell and its closed!
yup, its killer. no flash all HTML. Need v8 or v9 of Chrome.
#Brewers split squads are both down in the 3rd inning. 4-0 #Royals 3-0
Senior scholars need to take the lead in online publishing experiments
''there's a lot of great almosts out there.''
Right now denver needs a big with fresh legs like mozgov or koufos...
Crazy Market Selling Homeowners have to do more to sell your homes now than they ever have had to before. Why? The crazy economy and real
They look great! I love having my Twitter handle on my business card too- so much easier than having to write it on!
thankz so maybe wd should talk now well now that u followed me!!!
we follow you, be fair!
love you.
What's Up?
Merry Christmas to all the PUccias lover e non ciao
Remedial Kitten*
SXSW bound on the train with Adrienne....woo :D
Victoria Secret Fashion Show tonight?
bummer. i still kinda owe you a lift if you need one.
I told him I was going to class with Austin and he told me to say Hi to him.
Thanks and welcome all new followers. Be doing some giveaways in next couple days. You all are the best
Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly!
alexis, gettin' the D from the cereal man? ... probs not.
"Shawty come and kick it at the swang."
no ma'am.
im sure you guys did!! I cant help but to laugh. :) and thats right. GINGER ALE. :)
Happy you liked the feature!
if that...
Thanks for the postcard! Love Eleanor Roosevelt. Still up & abt, surgery scheduled for June 8. Lots of arrangements to make...
We are twitter listing soon...............You might be on our list so watch out!!!lol =_=
I rather shop at kroger than walmart
Excuse for talking to an ex : He's the only person I have to talk to... What fuck ever..
WHO IS #Andrew Breitbart? I'VE NEVER HEARD OF HIM.
I bet that racquet ball court just reeked of vodka and gyros.
Shakedown make this hour happy! The bartender is making some pineapple dreams come true. . .
#IfWeAreInARelationship you're going to have to get your body waxed a lot!
I say we put the #Robocop statue right at the tunnel "Welcome to Detroit Canadians!"
You bromantic you ;)
*picks u up an spins*
good idea!
I will now fall asleep while streaming John Mayer's album on iTunes.
30seconds in Starbucks at Boston University West, and Ive already overheard conversations about weddings, dieting and "omg I can't even"
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. But here's my number so call me maybe (? E
I just replaced the pressure valve on my hot water heater. Recognize.
Having an impromptu "Paranormal State" marathon.
<U+201C>The more a person perceives that he/she is loved, the less they will interfere with the lives of others.<U+201D> - Dr. William Glasser
MARC Trains 538,640, & 442 operating car short today due to cars from 517 this A.M. out of service for repairs & biohazard cleaning
haha, yes. I double checked before tweeting!
Man, not with this case going to court...this is gonna get ugly. ESPECIALLY if Commish has concrete proof.
Getting ready for this show tonight. "Get it in!" Charmz feat. Gerelle Mckoy! Let's get it!
Have big ideas and don't be afraid to take risks. #vision #sales #life #leadership SeanLetwat
BE A WINNER!
Thanks to everyone who supports us!!!!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. ~Jim Rohn
Semantic web lolpandas are the next big thing. Trust me.
I switched mine out to Control-P. I might have had it set to Control-N for awhile?
Confusion... Delusion... Reasonable Emotion... What's the point in tellin' the truth to a liar?
Ok so I'm sitting in a room with 9 homeschool moms discussing high school stuff- I guess the other dads got the no man memo!
Live in Dade County
What percentage of the workforce do you think is "working from home" tomorrow?
Do you follow any special recipes or do you just wing it and throw in a bunch of shit?
Domo know he funny! I asked him like 20 years ago to DM me! See we know who be playing now
Our ideas, like orange-plants, spread out in proportion to the size of the box which imprisons the roots. - Edward Bulwer Lytton
joseph and the technicolor dream cock.
Terrific essay on Looking for Etan Patz via
Fabulous! We must teach students how to handle the REAL world they will live in!
why not? Self promotion is 1 of the best...lol cause if u dnt sell u...who else will...
Miami Gay Men's Chorus Tackles Bullying
Back In Time - Pitbull . That's the song you were telling me about yesterday? With the guitar thingy?
I see.
The awkward moment when people ask me about my sex life..
Another icing by the
. Wow Really ? Sounds like pain to me.
What was photographic memory called before photographs?
I need advice...
The road to success is always under construction.
*Chilly fries RT : Waiting for my curly fries (:
so the new president of Apple is gay...they might need to change the apple logo to the whole fruit basket soon.
suggests targeting the right prospects. If co-op agents produce most of your sales, how do you effectively target this market?
Just made it to Brussels. Tired but excited to see the city and the gymnastics.
<U+25CA> Yeah. For me I don't need any, but absolute proof would B great 4 Ryan 2 end it once &for all. Rest assured they're looking.
What is your #recsports league doing manana for Cinco De Mayo?? Derby, bar specials?
#tellallyourfriends is trending, how awesome!! :) so proud of and the rest of TBS
OH MY GOD is your pic a semlor?? I never noticed that before! I've got an awesome semlor recipe!
How about that +/- of -20 dude. The game was a Heat blowout when you were out there.
What time do you work??? & how long is your breaks?
Everybody deserves a little slice of Happiness.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. ~ Fulton J. Sheen
YO! Follow the #firstladyoffieldstone and show her some love! Tell IT!
TRUTH: BY OSCAR
How does it compare to Batman: The Animated Series?
You're welcome! On tumblr there is a huge following of dance. About 200 different blogs solely devoted to dance.
SocialTech 2010: Jeremiah Owyang provides helpful pros/cons of social sign-on for B2B lead capture
#Pets need great food, exercise, rest, sunshine, friends, a job and a place to go for great information www.wholepetdiet.com
No Bulls love from the ABC pre game team!
plz follow me back im your biggest fan plz follow
That sucks. We are only going to make Fridays game. Wanted to stay for Saturday but couldn't make it happen.
What a crowd!
it would be nice to see Fulham FC in the top 4 or 5
Love is not a feeling we have; it<U+2019>s a decision to treat people the way Jesus would treat them
I miss low key
Actually CRYING with laughter!x
Reading your book Crush It! right now and absolutely loving it.
We're having our December 12th planning meeting at the next restaurant to commit to the MkeWineOpener on February 24th! Who's it gonna be???
That's my favorite line too (:
all that's missing is standing in line at the post office. Right before 5:30 is especially fun.
& you ask me why i stay ? because i care .
night dream well =]
Playing XBOX kinect with my brother and aunt :D
Happy Birthday! Have fun! xoxo
Now say your a bird. If your a bird, I'm a bird.~The Notebook
Hey Nick' what is your favorite movie???please answer me...! :)
Education needs to not be the kiss of death. We should be mindful of how we represent ourselves. -
I understand your idea of best singer, agree to disagree though!
he's got this fucking look on his face like he's pulled this stuff before, ...
it was about time too
Happy Thanksgiving!
I didn't get to grab ,,,Ray Park, Deep Roy&Eddie Furlong's autographs but I did get all the artists!
ugh. codeyear exercises taking me far too long each day. sad. i'm going to have to quit this. i'm too slow to pick it up.
I always try to do my absolute best at any task I undertake, simply because I know it will piss lots of people off.
Yeah, I have goals. I guess I'm just trying to figure out the rules to the game before I score.
there is a lot of women in semipro so don't worry
Just ran into some bee savvy friends at Tiny Boxwoods: talking about the lack of zucchini this year bc no bees or need to hand pollinate.
Thanks for following. I would love to talk to you about doing something together with Booksicals.
We can't wait to give away an iPad to all of our fans! Which iPad App do you want to use the most?
What's happening @ McMasters was shared at the last ACRL conference. Most of us thought controversial indeed!
I have an ipad AC adapter that needs a home. In milwaukee area and need one please contact me. Free to new home.
I don't think I can come today....but can I go over tomorrow? Hah after school?
watching the woman in black!
I crack myself up. <U+0001F602> I knew OKC was a basketball team.
register for.Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event only pay $15..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
At mobile revolution and scientific publishing.
Shit this shit is crazy bitch ass players like Vincent Jackson damn I understand u want ur money but damn wat about the fans
Happy Mother's Day :) #TurnToYou <U+2764>
R.I.P Junior Seau
My agent: "Is there nothing you can't do?" Me: "Brain surgery. Not yet at least."
I saw that video! This just feeds the "Everyone in WI is overweight" stereotype.
I'm not, we're so cool ... but my wife is watching it in the other room.
Its t late to apologizee its just to late.
Wishing all of our Moms a wonderful day! " This is a man's world, but, it wouldn't be nothing, nothing without a woman or a girl". -JB
Ahh! Coffee date perhaps while you're here?!
ANOTHER Great deal at GLOBAL ELEMENTS!**100 Business Cards only $19.99 plus tax!**Call today to take full advantage of this 720-542-6105!
I hope that our President's eyes open to the true colors of the Republicans and he kicks their asses.
Funnist shit ever just happened in the hall!
#replacebandnameswithboobs Five Finger Boob Punch (oh my god....sounds so painful....)
r u watchin an encore ... lol !
14.32, Mats for 107, they also have 3m vinyl for the top
What happened to the good weather?? :( typical Chicago summer...
99% sure I just saw Andrew garfield on his way into a midnight showing of hunger games
Being in school until June isn't so bad when you're in Chicago on lovely days like today.
Feels pretty good about being ranked 15 in a class of 345 :)
I do like that idea, though. "Joe did what Joe does." I can get behind that :)
<U+201C>: Boosie Boo not guilty! How'd he pull that off lol ... He didn't do it!!! Lol!
Hahaha love you <3 ": #MentionTo someone who's super lazy."
Thank You for the Follow
If your going to sample a legends work, please make sure u do a good job. Thank you
Love what you're doing - thank you for following us, and looking forward to your tweets.
are you too ugly or what..?
Yet... it will be Tebow's fault!!!
I got one of the best realizations from talking to a homeless dude: stop waiting for people to give you things, love, money, respect.
Las Vegas is a love it or hate it kind of town. I hate it. Sorry, people who live here, but it's not for me.
We wish all of the finalists of the James Beard Foundation Awards good luck at tonight's event!
Meet #lifevineworks co-founder chamille weddington today: CYC college fair at ICE theaters on roosevelt.
Google Drive Problem Is a Public Cloud Problem, Says Privacy Expert
Today i am not doing anything!
What is today? Today is the day that & are playing in San Diego. It is also my B-Day & do i get to go? NO! Sad face :(
Time for a nap...then I go get a yard of mulch.
Intruiging! Will wait for more, then.
So in love with you cause we like to party
your diagnoses! RT Podophilia is an attraction to or fetish for for feet.
true, but these are supposed to be professionals and not let that stuff happen.
I think my mom and I are coming by tonite. She was supposed to call ur mom. :)
why can't they just make more SATC. You, me, Melissa and ScarJo. Haha.
that's a good one
I love my girlfriend
I really don't know how anyone could hate you , your such an amazing person your a role model to many girls <3
The first line of dialogue is the most important in a script. Make it count.
Being Interviewed
dude i just LOLed at your twitter bio... hopscotch master FTW! you gotta add h-o-r-s-e master in there too
if you want!
Thanks!! RT : thank you to our special guests: B2B marketers and and B2C marketer !
Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! It was fantastic! Winner announced Tuesday!
I will brace for impact lol
I know you're copying off me....
You guys are funny fries is dutchrudder RT BS, mine is tpnyy, jenniferr's is jennip, & matti's is Javier schwartz
oh wow! thank you! i really appreciate that.
northern suburbs in Lake County. Either is appealing my family here and wife's in CLT. Lived in CLT last 10 years...
Thats no going to cut it!!!!!
SAT word of the day: fastidious (adj.) meticulous, demanding, having high and often unattainable standards
What did you think about the midnight opening?
Proud tribute to what is likely last game ever for true pro. <U+201C>: Entire #Pistons team don the headbands in warmups for Ben Wallace.<U+201D>
Women lead men in usage on social sites. It's no wonder. We are social creatures
apparently I need an intervention & a support group.
C'mon food, Either stop being so damn delicious or stop making me fat.
right back at ya!!! xo :)
Dear cyclists of Boston on your commute: Please learn to hold a frakkin' line. Love, your fellow cyclist,
I don't feel like Kobe has this one in him
Currently jamming to Ocean Avenue in the way to Lynchburg. Cant wait to do this every day.
i'm dying to get my hands on those #welcometoparadise tickets!!!!! <3
i fuckin wanna cry when u listen to stan by eminem
think i'm allergic to my house
You had talked about putting I-90 from Spokane to Seattle in there ;)
I took my bruises, took my lumps. Fell down then I got right back up.
Ref's need to learn the game before they become a referee
I wanna watch Zenon the Zequil or however you spell it
Hard to believe cost barriers to digital film preservation will persist too much longer, though (re: Schwartz)
he should look in contacts at top of list is her phone # & call it & leave message. She can access msgs remotely
Stop by DISC-IT Grill at 1st & Lomas for Small Business Saturday. Nevin is cooking up Fajitas Seasoned with my Green Chile Rub!
OK...put your serious face on and answer: Is Tiger going to win a tournament this year???
Papi, almost, but the walk keeps the outs down at least,,,,,,,let's go RBI time
Woah ladies! When the buns try to stab each other, the meat might get cut.
i really want to come to your show tonight with a friend of mine!! do i get 2 tickets for my RT... :) that will make me smile
Today: take an action with
Damn, I always thought libraries prevented piracy, not hurt revenues.
#EAv Thanks for the action on EAv
Looking for that special toy at very low prices? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Had to bite my tongue as dinner conversation turned towards the evils of meth. If the newspaper says it's bad, then it's bad.
Way to like guys Frische
Positive note: Julianne Hough, LOVE your black strapless gown! Thank you for bringing your A game.
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
sex workers need resources that aren't based in religious ideologies. You shouldn't have to accept a religion to get help.
VDN's failure to put Paul or Griffin in earlier may have cost them, know they were hurt but....
true story. :)
Chiana:I dreamt about running away and joining the circus, but it will never happen. Those clowns are hinky.
I think allergies cuz that ac at the lab was blowin hella dust
Only if he uses the rally to officially take no position on state issues, Romney-style
Eddie Murphy Delirious a close second
what is going on tonight? Anything outside?
I deserve this one
thanks so much Gene!! Love to hear that for you and your wife!! Loving every minute of married life so far!;) Happy Holidays!
Taylor Donnadio was a high schooler in Beaver Falls outside of Pittsburgh who killed herself in Jan. #DoItForTED raising awareness
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | Christopher Slevin, CEO of Sweat Garage | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Santa Margarita won a round-robin meeting Sat night 2-0
Couldn't answer right away. Doing shots with Ted watching Bama crush Penn State.
I definitely will Topher!
$525 gas bill :(
good night to all.
i'm LOL'ing at this chick rn.
<U+201C>: I can never get over how good are.<U+201D> dawg me neither!!
sounds like we need to make it happen, then!
RT : Dang I'm feeling salty. My almost 3 year old daughter just called me "wack" um...... LOL
is home for a WHOLE month!!!! SO excited to spend time wif my sissy!!!! =D
thank you! Please check your DMs
It's not that I don't like you, I just need you to disappear.
re cobertura - I guess so. Is that b/c of the failsafe plug-in?
Visit us at Al Teatro 10PM-1:30AM TONITE 1223 W. 18th St in Pilsen.Great jazz Pro jam Free parking no cover Late menu inexpensive drinks
OK my friend. I'm up and running. Someday soon I will have something interesting to say...I promise. Until then, Happy New Year.
#BiggestRegret not calling jaheims manager back
Gotta stay focused!
just sing the Michigan J. Frog song whenever you see the pose! Hello my baby, hello my darling...
ArtKollect apps for galleries, museums and arts organizations will help you to reach a entirely new, mobile audience. Find out how!
Thanks for following me! <U+2665> and #FF have a good weekend!
It's terribly sad to see how bad Muhammad Ali's health has gotten.
why would I be frontin? its the truth, lmao height is the first thing before anything for me for obvious reasons.
they would love that as they are presenting their semester multimedia projects ;)
new flavor, coming soon
Younow is not letting me log into facebook!
how come i don't ever see you anymore??
yes SIR enjoy now being trained to become pet kitty kathy woman for her use and pleasure
Under SOPA(Stop Online Piracy Act), you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him
Justin Has Beautiful Eyes<U+2665>.<U+2665>
4 days outage? Why? Did I miss something?
Watching Charlie Rose interview with Twitter CEO Evan Williams talkin bout the future.
midnight craving for noodle kugel.
I think that new Nets logo is great without the word NETS on top of it.
el oh el!
All of my tiny plants are under cover. Now let's see if the effort was worth it or if Mama Nature is gonna say, pfft, yeah right, girl.
ahh! I see it now, thanks for the heads up lol. Love that they just randomly changed it
i can't believe they killed marina on the fresh beat band. i'm looking at you,
YOU ALREADY TEXTED HER? Grrrrr.<3
Speaks VOLUMES ....
Do not run, allow the storms to make you strong and the winds will escort you into your calling
David Top 10 Reasons To Call Paul 24/7 Board Up or Flooding: John E. Mattock, Gary McLean, Terry Gates, Robert McLean, Ken Michel, JD Dooley
you always have it as an option
In Belgium, you are considered legally insane if you opt for a scone over a waffle.
baking dinner, setting up and decorating our Christmas tree, and sipping champagne.. the holidays are here for me and !
Hey girl what'd you and Sarah think about my video? I didn't do as good as I could of (in my opinion) but some people say dif
The waves are awesome this morning! This is what its about. Foggy skies and glassy rides
ANOTHA MOTHERS SON HAS BEEN TUKIN AWAY FROM HER BUT IMA PRAY EVERYNITE YA FAMILY BIG BRUH RNS FWM. R.I.P STACY HILL
I did get it to work. Thank you!
A friend of mine, also BARD but in NYC, told me. I'm back in Detroit now and happy to help with anything you're working on!
you're amazing , just the way you are . ; goodnight :) text me .
hahah this guy
national spelling bee semifinals...let the sudden death throw down commence.
When you don<U+2019>t know how to pronounce a character<U+2019>s name in a book so you just substitute in your own jibberish word in your head.
Just realized how many times I've said Massive since loving One Direction. LLN too many!
I'm the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you'd ask me too! <3
thank you! Love you!
RT : It isn't okay that there's a movie "based on" Battleship starring Rihanna. That is a thing that is not okay.
BIG News Coming Very Soon!
#HowCanYouExpect people to respect you, when you don't do the same to other ... you gotta give it to get it...
your friend is cutee
They are putting your tweets on the NFL Network.
The only thing we bring to this relationship with Christ is hunger, He brings everything else. GET HUNGER!
can we hear some fatboy slim, praise you? Please!
Happy New Year to all! Make it a resolution to go to at least one Edcamp this year.
You think I settle for convenience? You're fucking stupid. Lets talk a little. I'll be nice.
#TECHmunch: Enjoy SASS during brk 2day? It's maker is bringing free bottles for u to tk hm. Tweet me if u want one! Thnx
they are the sweetest girls you could ever meet please follow you wont regret it
*realize, omg I'm starting to write British lol
Red Sox Game tonight with <3
just hanging
Kickstarter probably isn't appropriate for the Patio, but there are a number of tools out there for social fundraising.
My Phones retarded er <U+0001F525><U+0001F621>
Happy warm #FF Love the venue!
Dang just when I go to tweet stops RT :|
Big THANKS to City National Bank of NJ (900 Broad Street) for its support!!!
That's how u start Game 2! ITS TIME
Nationwide trend? MT : Us too!! : Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds.
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Good morning all! What's on your playlist today?
Edgar Allen Poe, the poet. Poe is mascot
but ll look like a clown xD
bipolar disorder ?? Lol that pretty serious
ANYTHING under the stars at Otto is classic! I also liked the Dating Game and Fear Factor...
I know as #Patriots fans, we're a bit sensitive now, but "butterfinger" stunt in Boston and others like it are pretty tacky
For fans of The Office fans... We thought you would like this- Pim and Jam
Hair long, ass fat,shawty mean.
finally gave the dog a bath!
Spear and Mission, 11:45-2pm. A little drizzle don't make these pies fizzle.
Another day, another video. Off to for next week's entertainment shoot!
I don't really like Ohio State, but it is always a good day when #Duke gets run out of an arena.
Saturday Night PARTY! VEGAS STYLE!! HOTTEST AND YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN!! Contact me for FREE limo service...
StartupLive: 9 months of gestation. One month of life today - Happy Birthday, baby.
Thanks for tweeting!
Eating, by the fire with the Chardonnay . c;
man, im so fucking confused! UGH!
Light snow beginning to fall at on Milwaukee's south side.
It damn sure did... RT : FATabul0us_Lola it caught your attention didn't it lol
We are shredding soon!
Hi Molly - UVA library is great and the people are the best part! Glad you are on board. Wish we'd been there together!
"You stay the same thru the ages. Your love never changes. There may be pain in the night but joy comes in the morning."
kase got a twitter?
impromptu girlfriend party at my place. I have wine beer tequila and some sort of Mexican fajita thing I just made up
RAINING!?! What the heck
Well..I'd add in be honest to yourself and others too lol :) but agree.
you can come drink with me if you want. lol. i got some trees too.
Share the love for Honk Fest West (official page): like this page and share it with everyone you know in the Pac NW. HONK! loud.
what have you been up to!?:)
love it!!
Heading to Everest in April. Get fun facts about the adventure updated daily at With Eric West on facebook.
When they originally shot Star Wars, they used number 2 pencils instead of light sabers.
Obsessed with Instagram!
Oh gawd. The #Smallville theme. Whenever that comes on I turn the volume up to punish the wife.
So pumped for the cider mill tomorrow!
that sucks! I was in the hospital for a few days after they removed it. Their testing is awful, at least it was at Swedish. Hugs!
RT : You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. <U+2013> Les Brown
That you have good taste. Obvi. And also that you want me to have as many nightmares as you will now have.
that just makes my skin crawl.
I feel incredibly lucky to have such amazing friends (siblings included).
But that family portrait including the old man was not a military photo.
Why do they use ankle bracelets for house arrest? Just schedule a UPS delivery and you can't go anywhere.
Last week I said heejun was probably goin home Tonight I'll make another prediction. Jus need to c a few more performances.
thanks for the compliment and when you come tonight a round on us!
yeah I guess it is the thought that counts. But next time try to help me a little it early lol.
If ever I could get away with murder I know exactly who My victim would be
It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. -Ursula K. Le Guin
Ok thats it for me. Have a great night people!
Agree w/ Ron Paul re: jailing people qua the economic collapse...just think it should include people in business, not just govt.
Our email server was down - getting back online soon! Sorry folks!
haha my dad always told me nothing good happens after 2am! i dont practice his believes but he is usually right!!
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND, NEVER LET YOU GO, KEEP YOU IN MY ARM GIRL, NEVER BE ALONE.
Riding my butt to the #easternmarket. I love
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Berenstein Bears author died at 88! Those books fueled our storytime for years
Thx RT : Checked out today. Beautiful escape in the heart of #SouthBeach. No ? why it's rated
Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D
When I listen to Spanish music I have no idea what they are saying but I LOVE the beat to the songs <333
I saw Ray Allen air ball... Being a shooter that was weird to me
hey follow me
Eww! Is it wierd that I kinda want some? RT : Hippo milk is pink.
My cousin did an ammaaaazing job drummin it up at the percussion day times!!!
Weather, you better not ruin my trip!
It's 2:30 on my birthday, TF am I gonna do today??
Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, Fla. In March 2012, one in every 248 housing units received a foreclosure filing
damn I feel old lmao
How does Best Buy only have one cashier open on a Saturday?
Get at me nigga!
I'm a recovering realist, so I'll take it.
you be my slowpoke grrl.
Thanks for the follow!
My favorite piece of gear that I own is....
Oh. Well I hope it sells for oodles.
When people waste your time &lt;.
the Rattlers are counting down to when we can see in theatres tomorrow! Number 1 spot here you come!!
I dunno why I just thought of this, but if the Rangers make the finals, they will have beaten 6, 7 & 8 and if LA does, they beat 1, 2 & 3.
North Carolina u dum.
I know it's winter in Los Angeles, but it's quite cold in my office. But that's just management trying to murder us.
#NBA2012PLAYOFFS Do you #Follow #CLIPPER ? #Follow now & GET READY to ROCK the #PLAYOFFS w/
The NJ Nets' break up with NJ causes sales of ice cream and tissues to soar in the Garden State
try doing some studying, then I bet you will get tired!
1ST round or Elite 8, you lose, you're out! SUCK IT UNC! HAHAHAHA
Somebody itch my back.
Looking for a proofreader or an editor? #Follow-->> so she can help you get ready to be published.
Iwould kill for my amily no matter how much we fight, argue and say stuff we dntt mean...<3(:
Unimpeachable sentiment, Jacquelyn
ha! Say something, I dare you!
Pitti: EAD often records intellectual/conceptual links between individuals ex. 20th C. collector of Dante's works
Going to try!
haha I know right! I'm actually loving the weather the sky looks beautiful :)
.99c Mozzarella stix @ Sonic #Baltimore store today only-Mention deal when ordering(valid 7/17@ 8212 Liberty Rd-cant use w other discounts.)
Hey it worked! Accio belt?
has anyone told you what a perfect fit you would be in a phillies uniform
Happy weekend! Let us know if you find opportunities to support a child or family this weekend. Strong, supported families = prevention.
my day is made! :)
thnx for the add how did u hear about us?
RT: Oh u and ur boyfriend of three weeks were so in love that u had sex and then he dumped you? Please tweet about it some more
Cheers! RT Anyone else find it strange how quickly "not sure if I want a beer" turns into "oh. it's already empty" Right ?
you Fuckin & Suckin everyone u work with, #ButYouAintAHoe ... Bitch go get hit by a truck
no- seriously: i just felldown twice while listening to
": Great chat by on sports psychology. Just having a break with the " Thanks Pete! LE
Sounds great! RT & looking for #YOGA studios across the country to carry our spirit & products !
RIP Carroll Shelby
#thoughtsonhungergames great actors, great illustration of book, and excellent effects and costumes. Stuck to the book for the most part:)
so glad its the weekend but its gonna be exustaing and this has already ben, i need a break
thank you for notifying us Mike
Today is a magnificent day! You know why!? 3 words
Please tweet me, i sprained my wrist today<3 :(((
I'll be at DBA Wine Bar in Pomona tonight. Show starts at 9 and I go on at 10!
Indiana has way too many windmills
Who's ready for some basketball!
Red = see you know, it's the same. ..Kind of.
1st Saturday tonight?
I'm still loving the Local Natives album... personal Sunday favorite.
Yup, it gets out of control once you start.
Hired someone off CL and he made a comment that made me wish we weren't of the same race. Wanted to punch the guy! I HATE racists!!!
JUST SAY NO TO BOOKS!
Really emphasizing w/ my interdisc grad class the importance of making their critical approach explicit in their work.
the last time the knicks won a playoff game was just starting to look for his first #twitter follower
I took my daughter and niece yesterday, it was a cute movie. The lady next to me enjoyed it more than my daughter and niece
oh ok but what do i have to do so at least she can hear my song thanx anyways !!!!
I am so fucking pumped I could run through a wall.
I'm at "Not psyched to be reading your posts about island paradise" JK.. Hope you have a fabulous time :)
So excited! This exactly what we needed! Makes me want to start using yahoo...
we should ball some time ? One on one ;)
mee too , i want to see what crews are going to be on it.
#Saffran #Orlando coming soon to the FL Mall area! Check out our amazing food! www.Saffran.us
I think we already know. didn't we just live through that few years ago?
seems like a motivated man from his tweets :)
Gorgeous day in nashvegas today! :) I'm lovin it!!
We are going on a bike ride!!! 6pm at Cory The Bike Fixer!
I know, maybe some other bday :)
just voted for you. Go rob:)
agreed. Yall get down
Ah, there you are. Nice meeting and hanging with you @ #mw2012 !
And the dj is totally checking his phone
hey you gone to Castro Farmers Market?
What is Wichita State's mascot...the Quasimodos?
Whoa nice workout now for a shower
great idea => MT : #NASCAR first-Farmers Insurance features #Farmers5 h-tag on bumper of Kasey Kahne's Chev in the nxt 2 races
lol oh wow
how do i dowload pict from my pc to my twitter
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 16
What an awesome year! Merry Christmas everyone.
Rufus keeps coughing. Like he had a hairball. Except he is a dog.
Do girl scouts really have to try? I bet they could drive around in a truck like the ice cream man and adults would run after them...
great report on Ramova. Love that place. How sad
Ci just won't get a break from haters!!!
Up early making breakfast for my moms
ready to fail my geometry exam tomorrow...
Yes! The swipe menu feature is back on my twitter app. Win!
It's on itunes just search mercury in summer mixtape, it'll pop up right away :)
aw, I'm flattered! Thanks for watching. :) I love learning new instruments. My fianc<U+00E9> gets me a new one each bday!
solid reference
your really good at these:')x
Wow. What an evening! I somehow ended up home. Met some really cool people last night, hung out with old friends.
Or on you o_O <U+201C>: I do believe this is one to live by. RT : Shit happens, just don<U+2019>t let it get to you.<U+201D>
work work work
Talking about religion-"do you believe in ghandi?"
your very welcome beautiful <3 i love you!
nu-metal so ya sure y not? Love those dudes too...can't wait for Pow wow!!! That night I'd gonna leave me with a sore neck
Got the speakers thumping
This girl has a cameltoe in her picture on facebok Think i'm gonna keep this one to myself
Atlanta Ga North Ga Concrete Stamping Pool Decks - Patios - Driveways - Take a look www.concretegeorgia.com Ask About Twitter Special
God Bless him he's a cutie pie!
Bud Selig's group must be kicking itself in the proverbial tuchus for not retaining the Miller Park parking lots when it sold the
Rainy days and Monday's always get us in the mood for a Vacation!
GM nagga have a great day
Received our first box today!
Thanks for the RT, Lucia:)
lol I probably won't!
Yes I forgot all my makeup at home and realized it an hour before show time. Thx CVS
yes, I'll make sure that's clearer. Despite the different param name, the list timeline should still be treated like other timelines
he would never even notice me.
"Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand." - Sir William Osler
Agree. Not what she used to be RT Ashley judd lookin busted!
ok you can be the man too..Lol
follow MIRANDA COSGROVE PLEASE
Downtown with for her audition with Break a leg!
AYYYYYEEE RT : Put your dick , where my mouth is :)
thank you :)
We have great mommas ! RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
No more drinks for you, stay sharp, Fae!!!
El Sobrante, CA- Need females for art shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is $100. (Casting Code A1)
lol for real, it's on Sunday at like 10 in the morning i think
#YoMommaSoFat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead
Right now I need a drink and a blunt this guy over here is making me upset
i missed the sounds of rain
Facebook: creating, and killing relationships since 2004.
On a telephone town hall call with one of my heroes, Rep. Alan Grayson.
She's strong enough to walk away; but broken enough to look back.
roll one up for me
Chris Brown just won a #Grammy? My cue to turn this off.
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
Finally, the #B1G just got on level playing field w/ 12 teams & the #SEC goes to 14. Hard to make an apples to apple comparison.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 49
Lying again huh?
. Thanks for being willing to help me out on that Playboy magazine thing with Jennifer. My charm took care of it though.
Visit the mall on the South Side. You'll see people wearing just whatever. PJ's in public. Sure. Saves money.
Glad to see Marty Turco is fitting in nicely. Looks like he is buying into the #Bruins system
Obama: Today we're setting a new target: help 6 million people get treatment by end of 2013.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 243
Polk describing the use of chaplains during WWII to encourage soldiers to choose faith over fear and blend patriotism w/ religion.
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! .,_.
WOW! This iOS 5 software update is the Business! U may be gone but your work & vision shall live on! STEVE, great JOB. :-)
hahaahha..u and ur bf should celebrating here too.
Aw, thanks. :) it's about confirming plans for tomorrow night though lol I'm supposed to go camping with Josh but he won't text!
um, yes i know this, its still a quote.
Almost time for Secret Circle !!!!!
Damn chocolate festival...I can't believe people are paying for all of this stuff.
Happy Monday! -RT- : A trip to to end a long work day and properly start the evening.
Thank you so much Aeicha!
I get annoyed easy.
Rachel's dream. They're auctioning off the jerseys for charity.
I need sleep. Im beyond the point of tired.
PBS; Lydia and Yan. Have fun and stay clear of the needle? And remember: my father never pulled out but he never apologized.
some mini projects using ethnography: documenting museum experiences and how to improve them
How about e_espinosa? She would be great!
My feet smell
Looking for published reviews of online exhibits. Any ideas?
Grinding at the Roost.
And remember, there are only computers. Planes, TVs, cars, etc -- they are all computers.
aww....same to u...u the only girl that look good in Blonde!!!
you did AMAZING!!!
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Go to www.expresslube.com to enter today!
These days<U+FFFD> it has become a primary condition for any business to have its own website if it wants to survive the cut throat competition.
PG offers its heartfelt condolences to UGA football on the passing of legend Larry Munson....A sad day- better win the SEC in his honor RT
Doesn't look good does it? NFL teams don't draft first round backups.
Grapplefest, crazy day ,my kid did great
thank you for entering! We have shortened the original tweet for easier retweeting. Winners will be notified soon!
Spurs will wear you out and frustrate you if you're not 100% focused for 48 minutes
I'm following you just based on your handle! I drink Miller Lite
Cursing spin coach for getting "Moves LIke Jagger" stuck in my head from class this a.m. it's driving me a bit batty.
I remember when I sucked
Just got in the car. Thermometer on dash says 105
All seems good these days, will relax for sure and take it easy today. Love to all
I hate waiting on transit
Enjoying beers at Leary's Landing Irish Pub even more!
I'm bout to sleep good as fuck tonight tho.
Head-bobbin' to "Sweetheart" as I type.
But I bet we catch up fast:)
haha. Don't worry about it. But I just took medicinee for this dumb cold. Ha. Hopefully I'll talk to you tomorrow. Good Night(:
DJing tonight with my man at Lucky Lounge #usualnonsense in the building. Let's go Oakland!
Stuffed and very very sick. Clearly I ate too much.
Got the worst advice ever at church yesterday " You have the rest of your life to see the world." smh...
I find it funny how people r still dming ask if me and met 1D haha yes we did now yah know! ;)
<U+201C>: Day 1 of Official Bar- Sponsored by Special guest of #MCC2012<U+201D>
Oh yea ? I'll call u in a few
Learn the Art Of Acting with Victor Cruz tonight at Pearl Studios 4th floor. $20. 7pm.
Nothing says to me"It's Wednesday" quite like a run to the Comic Shop.... Yeah, that didn't sound geeky at all, did it?
thank you you also.. : )
what camp are you in? The image they use definitely paints a large change.
Courage is contagious.
Mental Health Awareness PSA: Follow to actually watch a person's medication stop working
Or do I actually have to kill a second hobo?
RT : Watching the late models turn laps at RIR, wish I could have gotten mine ready. Maybe next year
Pepco now talking about smart meters on the smart grid. 95 percent of meters in DC are smart grids now.
Thanks for the RT!
EFF YOU RAIN. jk, its nighttime #keeponrainin but the thunder scares me!
Getting a slushie!
ZAK! Show sounded crazy in Michigan last night. MSU tonight.
Why aren't the lights on!? You should be lit up all weekend for all the visitors to Cleveland! Let's make Cleveland shine!
YO! How you doin in the Windy City??
Writer's block. Just don't want to write this paper. Feels like that time when I was 6 and Dad made me write "spaghetti" 150 times...
Since I can not get a formal tutorial in class for this software, I am looking for a book with good info.
Awesome Gold Cup game last night! Time for some amazing baseball today!! Go Sox Go!
Had a great productive night here. I think its time to head to La soon.
Colon covers first base...small earthquake reported near downtown
Sports analysts still think dan snyder is running the show. Morons
the question is.. Why were you on nickelbacks fan page?
Please welcome TheKidDazeLo to the Max life
Just gave away 20 copies of Bel Canto in three minutes flat. I love World Book Night!
Good luck man RT: Gaucho's tuckered out from loading up. Which means it's time to go. Goodbye, Las Vegas, we'll truly miss you.
haha nice, mine dropped a lot the last 6 matches or so -.-
It was great to have you! You did great!
Still hype over the #Sixers win!
some good ideaz there!
What a terrible, terrible accident. I've never heard of one of those chambers blowing up like that, but w/ all that oxygen...
I can't believe people are actually following me :) I'm so flattered!!
Dear Acer: You make some good-ass computers! But you need to dial it back on the smartpad sensitivity. It's fucking up my writing. Love, RMJ
Tribe line-up set to tee off on this 9.09 ERA. Sounds like hits, sounds like runs.
Hope everyone stayed safe during the storms! Looks like we are in the clear for the rest of the evening :)
its sick that someone can control a persons life this much. Roger should remove his salary for five years and see how it feels
WOW. Congrats, Caps! Well deserved.
Filner says he has what all the candidates talk about, experience, new direction.
I can watch takers 500 times & Chris brown Gets sexier the more I watch it <3
conflicted today. How do you deal with feeling you have for a guy, that might not be the right guy for you?
Just saw a job posting. Gotta ask, where did some folks get the 'you should work for free' mentality?
yes part of broadway across america
OK... this new Jack White album is some serious shit! love it!
I'm gonna start tweeting more often. Dammit!! My battery is dying. FUCK!
I got faith in my team
sorry, I only fish with whoever offers the most money
William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right
Walking around all day. <3
The fact that they keep showing that notification months after we've agreed doesn't help my confidence in
Beautiful Friday to you too and thank you for the #FF Have a wonderful weekend!!
Omg why is my website awful and why haven't I been keeping up with it?
So 's "Quiet Rye-It." Best beer name ever? Or best beer name ever? Citra Ass Down is a close second.
Premiere of ARMYNEL tonite ! Very pumped !!!
At Sea Breeze for brunch
<U+201C> My Lil sis works,fished school& is going back to fulfill her dreams! Only 19!! Old dumb hoes take notes lol <U+201D>
this rain fucking up my hustle!
Spinning = Insanely Difficult. Woah.
We love San Marcos! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks San Marcos!
why is your poker down? Extraordinarily frustrated together with the service as soon as a great deal more.
It would be funny is Kobe just threw up on McGee during the game.
LOL! I wish!
You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to live without them.
-can bend over and clap mah ass cheeks haha just learned! :)
you can also search online for places in NYC that give out free food at happy hour. Did a post about that once too.
Happy Monday, folks! All these beautiful smiles are making us smile=) Keep 'em coming!
I'm laughing so much my face hurts.
Trying to sort out and categorize my tweeter feed....this is going to take a while...
Awesome goal! I recently got a camelback water bottle with a straw attachment. Much easier to drink extra H2O!
aim me taken5vegas
Going to Avengers in EXT with Wall to wall screens and 3D my mind is ready to be BLOWN
Welcome to the team Afif Kafena, and Tony Martinez!!!!
Girardi ! Top tit from the ladies tee!
hahaha so what's the song recommendation m
RT #Virgo never makes the first move.
Average age of Aircraft Techs at FedEx is 56 years old. Now is the time to earn your Associates Degree and A&P Certification
Does that mean you can take everything in the mini fridge? Might be worth it (in Las Vegas term, anyway)
might get me own bag haah x
OMG AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR NEW SINGLE <U+2665>
follow back please? (:
M someone threw away cinnabon in our trashcan now all of shoes smells amazing
Okay. I caved. Downloaded Draw Something and I'm obsessed. Wanna play? My username is FoodieBlake!
<U+201C>: "I write to escape ... to escape poverty." Edgar Rice Burroughs
wearin my penn brewery cwp shirt bitch!
Point: Daniel
Thanks to anyone who correctly punctuated the name of this day and didn't wish me a "happy" one. (I mean, really...)
thanks Mario for the support and follow love the tweeting form siri trick check out and
I need Chipotle in my life. It's been too long.
SLC-->LA-->Jakarta
Spices are highly overpriced
Finalized my research paper. One more day. Bedtime. Nighty night friends.
Ugh! Could use another week of vacation
Yes, but I'm WAY more excited about my free Dunkin coffee.
Retweet if you want a shout out.
I'm drifting off. Talk to you tomorrow!
When I met Matt Graham for the first time I pronounced his last name wrong I felt like such a jackass
": Love your work then you will find pleasure in mastering it. . #leadfromwithin #leadership"
hope u had a great time yesterday!!!
Thank you - me too!
Great to hear about the Drive OR prog The rub is we have a investor readiness program running right now
Will this NBA lockout be longer or shorter than in 1998-99?
how old are you?:)
Bro. I saw Poema live last night. For free.
oh your very welcome! :D <3
Same here. RT : #redsox signing mark prior. cant hurt. once great. rooting for him to come back.
Its between a Taco muncher and a vegan pussy?
Definitely Aykroyd. Definitely. RT : who stopped being hot first<U+2014>Dan Aykroyd or Chevy Chase? Evidence points to Aykroyd.
good very busy
Genealogical Research & Writing: Are You a Saint, Sinner, or Bumfuzzled Soul? Love that title, and hope I'm not bumfuzzled.
Sarah went last night as well with a friend. Dressed as house elves.
Now following back & Thanx guys!!!!
You Coming To Our Party ??
Arts Center of the Ozarks. Jennifer L Fay & Michael Zoller starts May 3.
How do I submit my booking info, find me at www.GlennGary.com - let me know if you need bio
i like this song :D
<U+201C>: It may be difficult for an #Aquarius to make plans because so much happens without any warning<U+201D> to everybody who kno me!
hey I love tvd too :)
May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others." (Mother Teresa)
they did it to a lot of ppl.......they got rid of a lot of departments too.....smh its ass now
Today I'm going to #OccupyUrBankAccount. But instead of screwing u like 'The Man'...I'm gonna put $500 in it. 5p. Listen & win.
PLEASE! RT Reminder to #blend12 attendees: Please complete the post-conference online survey (check your email for link).
Oh no! Are you injured? You must be traumatized at least. Surprise shark attack on street is v dangerous indeed.
Just left the "Seven Last Words" Good Friday service Awesome! Thank You for the cross.
yes yet huge endeavor and most of the staff must b on board
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 7
Outdoor activities keep doctors busy - WDIV Detroit
Process of liking a song: 1 Day: I love this song! 1 Week: Hey that song's good. 1 Month: Turn that s$it off!1 Year: OMG, I love this song!
I've heard those guys are fucking awesome.
just telling it like it is :)
Skeptical about this bottle of "ruby port" purchased for $6
lol I already have & I already am. I have another account. I'll give you a hint as to who I am. We were texting a lol bit ago.31
A coffee tree has a lifespan of between 60 and 70 years.
Watching Dune. Which makes me want to see Brimstone & Treacle. Which makes me want to see A Clockwork Orange. Which probably makes me a nerd
It's 64 degrees in Jan. Tomorrow is groundhog day....rodent don't fail me now!!
Don't I wish I could attend! I'd bring home made Sicilian pizza! ;)
what a match...
Saw that this morning and it DOES sound interesting. Is it new?
What was the name of Ray Charles autobiography? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to <U+201C>Let the Good Times Roll.<U+201D>
Haha, now the guy is off the call and watching a streaming soccer game very loudly. Is it rude to ask if he wants to borrow some headphones?
Practice makes perfect.
Nf follow back
We'd love to be on your show! E-mail me to work out details
Self-Realization is... a state of the greatest gain, the greatest bliss and the greatest knowledge.
Idk ask her?
Seeking a #Senior SQL DBA# with experience on architecture and maintenance of TB-sized Databases. Please contact
Ok I went and made my own icon.. How does it look?
We lose about 50 to 100 hairs per day.
Depressed as f*** for the moment
Trynna talk on the jack when im watchin the game <<
If I was going to attempt to seduce Joumanna Kayrouz, the tactic I would use would be spending money.
Democratization is a long process- not just elections and constitutional provisions. About fundamental rights, balance
New short story coming soon. Titled Lipstick. Watch for it ;)
Sink your teeth into a pesto pizza
This post confuses me lol
Dance to the music live to the music in your soul<3
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 4.
By the time the Kings are finished creating cap space, we're going to be able to offer 5yrs, $2 trillion dollars to somebody.
Do you have great sleeping tips for newborns and infants? Please share :)
Homemade BBQ pork is probably the best thing ever...
Woke up with two big bruises on my shin. Wtf happened last night?
I am helping men and women join the Skinny Body Challenge: Want to Lose Weight and Get Paid. Get Checks weekly. Enroll 3 people and you...
You're very welcome, haha.
I agree. I wish it was my last day of school. OK, hold your calendars then: next Friday for pie and gin!
Of course on NYE I would be the one to wake up w/ a god damn sore throat! FECK! I wonder how gin & chamomile tea tastes together. NYE drink?
Freedom is just another word for nothing to Lose, take a chance, chase your dream .
I find that many sociologists just don't know much about edtech
Oh, I shouldn't and I wouldn't. There is a 15 year old girl living inside of me.
if so.. Then why did u find the need to add YOUR personal opinion.? Shouldn't it be kept to yourself? Hm
always...They just create too much hype for standard revisions. It shouldn't be some big press event everytime for minor updates
My iPhone expects me to use the word nigh but not the word prompt. Interesting.
Times running out get ya ticket today before you're sol
hahaha so was a LOT of other people..
Must have been the beef-a-rino
you inspire the techie in me, thanks
Racing on the highway is always fun
Don't think so. But I wish they did.
The "Throttle 'Em Threes" are in full effect here. This makes me want a drink. Or a cupcake. Or a lobotomy.
Power outage in my dorm the night before three major
is cooking dinner with a little help from Kings of Leon.
Mitt doesn't have to"go after" J Wright. But repudiate ads? Guess attack ads are only 2 be used on fellow GOPers": McCain Cunningham
Newt is getting killed.
I hate to do this twitterverse but (spoiler) Betty Draper got fat. REALLY fat. Not in the groovy fat cat way. Like stuffed crust pizza big.
I wish i had a nooka watch for every day of the week, i get compliments on my two watches all the time!
Last summer it was "Oh My" -Roscoe Dash ft Fab. I wonder what the banger this year will be...
SEE????! WT...?! #DUMBDUMMY LOL..ima start seeing how much I can get away with bc I SWEAR these nigg do the MOST!!
thanks for promoting it for me :) feel free to give me feedback when you get the first issue!
what kind of phone do u have?
something short - what about like #PMAPropTup or #TUpPPMA ?
Going thru #SDCC withdrawals? Plenty of #CANYONROAD interviews on YouTube to remind you of the good times
Ghost stories by the fire.
You're not afraid to try again, you're just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason.
Got schools blowing me up thinking about going back....
if u have a early work out, eat a lot of protien. I'm also taking 'animal pak' supplements after my breakfast
Join us for our first SAC allocation meeting of the year! 8 pm. Club Room (Leavey 3). Open to the public.
Pretty Lights, Skrillex, & Diplo: Full Flex Express Canadian Tour this summer...see you soon Toronto o_O
Perhaps, "build schools not jails"?
Remind me to tell u my SCOTUS slumber party story if I haven't already.
Baltimore will lose to Cincy so don't give up hope of first round bye yet.
This film is fantastic! "How to Lose Friends & Alienate People."
Was at city walk so sad cuz came at 8when I left at 7:30 wish he cud stay and do another 1 on June 5...wen I'm going bac ther
Wine fest this Saturday, you in!?
you're amazing Daphne. I think you're so beautiful and talented...and funny. You and Sophia have such great chemistry!
it's privately funded.
A guy in my section tonight yakked in his cup, then put it under his seat & knocked it over. He also left behind a sock.
so i have this groupon for liquor infused cupcakes. i gotta go get them.
very very welcome. I hope it helps. Ill get back on the computer again later and do it again lol
Me and biddy was singing drake today lmao to funny
Hottest day of the year! Are you staying hydrated? It is absolutely critical to drink your water on days like today!
Just enjoying an !
You ripped it the other night. Set off what turned out to be an exceptional 24 hours. So yeah, keep up the strong work.
FREE LUNCH getting ready to chow down!!! woop woop come and get a free t-shirt & a free meal
Bach Choir delighted to announce DOG gifts totaling $7,230. Big THANK YOU to all who were so generous.
If following you is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
Baines is whimpering and pacing restlessly. Either Timmy is in the well or it's about to storm like whoa.
just played new musical instrument made from pvc pipe & electronics, w/smallest keys ever! creative inventions today @
Or you could just buy a #GEBBIE Directory and save a lot of time and aggravation.
Increasing predator-friendly land can help farmers reduce costs Having natural habitat in farming areas that supports ladybugs could help
Hey twitters(; first time on twitter in like a month so if you want me to follow you retweet!(:
I wish.
Breaking them or at least thats what it looked like!! Lol. It was freakin me out!
Having fun meeting with our congressional reps in DC and telling them what we're up to in Indiana. Up next: 's office.
<U+2606> "You may tell that I'm dumb, cause you're the only one that is always inside my mind." <U+2606>
And so it is granted. Go forth. Drink grog. Enjoy thy weekend.
Thank you sir. Understand, Ryan is one of my followers too. (;
dialing now ;)
Let's get high & cuddle.
Oh, tech issues just happen sometimes. No blame attached.
- nope. that is sweet! its cool to see these companies really making usable stuff.
Tautology in the wild MT : FACT: Highly effective #teachers can give students about 3 yrs<U+2019> worth of learning in 2 yrs.
New on tap today, Union Jack IPA. We loved it in bottles, we worship it on draft.
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
love your show i watched it sicne it firstarred
I was gonna say it myself but I held myself back ;)
its not wade, its about chemistry. Id start shane battier at the 2 & bring jason terry off the bench. They'd win a ring
that makes perfect since! That;s totally acceptable.
looks dangerous ;)
How come Ryno good enough to interview in person for team that just WON the World Series but not the Cubs?
Wow, at 999 followers now....Who is going to be our 1,000th?! :) Thanks for following everyone!
Get that rest beast! I'm there Sunday. Row 15 on the 5 yardline in a yellow monkey suit! After your 3rd TD, point up 2 me!
Thanks to all of our sponsors, followers and those who came out this past week, for a successful 2009 Indiana County Fair week!
Someone should create transparent solar panels and use them for windows on skyscrapers.
for a follow back go follow
Congrats to the IU class of 2012. You finally made it.
Why do people want kids to act like adults? I think adults need to start acting more like kids.
this makes me sick to my stomach RT Police say Texas eighth-grader killed after ignoring order to drop weapon was holding a pellet gun
Get to take my bro to the airport tomorrow :)
Upset that yesterday #Verizon told me my phone would be overnighted to me today, but now I find out I won't get it until Monday
Would it be weird if I went outside and helped this little kid build his snowman? He's too cute!
I got mad only because you weren't listening to me and it was mine.
Hey past attendees! What was your favorite part of WordCamp last year?
thanks for following
Got to vent and it felt good .
Just signed up for #CreativeCups2013 at ! Now I just have to think of an awesome bra design...
We're having another #Consumer Day TOMORROW at the on the lower level by Sears. Stop by our table from 12 noon to 5pm.
on top of my 2L bottle!
clue what up!!! can u play that To The Top by Ja Rule off #PIL2? please RT!!!
Google unloads an ereader that taps into its own bookstore. Will this change the fact that no one buys books at the Google bookstore now?
congrats on winning two junos!!!1 so proud of you! (:
I should be arriving in SLC late Wednesday night, and leave Sunday morning, so we'll figure out a time to meet up eventually.
thank you thats very nice :)
COCOA HIGH SCHOOL MATE
song request 'just came to say hello' plug it in for section 116!
RT: : I don't know why people like raves or go to them .
#GoIrish Sad to see Aaron Lynch go but sometimes It's best to cut a man loose, even if he is a beast
I like how I get the severe weather text for the warnings at 12:45. The exact time that the warnings expired.
I'm free pretty much any day after six. And I don't know, Blizzard is just being a dick. It's all good, screw that game. :P
Cant upload my video on your website can I just send you a vimeo link?
I didn't, unfortunately. I already sent an email to that address. Please let me know if there's a way to still get tix. Thanks!
haha okay Bryan
Hey Eastman folks: is Harold doing his annual leap day concert this time around?
AmenRT : Everybody has flaws, learn to accept them because there not perfect and neither are you..
Aye!!! Damnit! That hurts.
everyone who has screenshots of the trend tweet it to lou! i would but my comp doesn't let me screenshot :( so do it!
Kathy Lee had nice legs, does she play tennis if not I would love 2 teach her ;)
Has anyone bought the new Star Wars on Blu-ray yet? I can't decide if I want to give George any more of my money.
I teach students how to follow by telling them to text "follow name" to 40404. If they have a signature it wont work
Yall ready for this new avi? If yes follow me and reply SupaHot and I got you on a followback asap x 10.
#QuoteoftheDay: "You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take." Wayne Gretzky
Do it.
You still have time! Video submissions last until March. Sooner the better though ; ) please consider! And tell friends.
I won't skip, just DVR it!<U+201C>: RT Not gonna lie. I might skip work tomorrow to watch #TODAYat60.<U+201D>
Most people find that really annoying.
Open up your arms, and feel the good/it's a comin', a brand new day. RIP Levon.
Everything tweets about is food, and it looks soo good!
Bill nye the science guy! Hell yeah
Where you getting your #TacoTuesday on? Stop by a #bartab venue and grab a $1 drink to wash it down!
thanks man! And yea I know I get to fly and do what I want! I'm living my dream!
I know the feeling.
Good luck!!
stompin in my air force ones.
Is Rihanna R&B?
The rangers are playing so good!
Good morning! and happy #ff to
Good morning! Is evry1 dry?
Lights are low, music is bumping.
"If ur friends don't inspire you to do better, than you need new friends!"
When I see FB status' about how in love someone is with their bf I want to comment "He's probably cheating on you". cc:
Oh. My. God. That's absolute insanity. I saw some ranting in my timeline, had no idea this bad! Thanks for ur follow-up piece!
:-) spank you, spank you very much
Im likein dis anthony hamilton album
w/e if you say so *Kanye shrugs*
#ThatsATurnOff when she is missing a few teeth
Haha puck lost in his shirt...I mean sweater
I don't think any city has ever been happier for rain.
Oh pop punk. Dead genre is dead.
where you at? I'm almost outta here
So cool that there were so many ppl in my living room tonight for an online concert! :) The UK, Canada, Italy & the US were all represented!
same over here. Relieving tension with a few rounds of tic tac toe with B. Start fast & finish strong.
Smoking on my roof >>>
I'm going to find a way to get in front of this guy at a grocery store and write a check.
Look out #Arvada TFFOC is coming!
U make my heart beet..faster.(:
Huntsman: People went to town hall meetings for 2012 election because they cared about their country
Thanks for the RT, Jason!
#Arizona has already made some of the country<U+2019>s most drastic #cuts to #Medicaid and other #health initiatives
The Coral's "In the Morning" gets stuck in my head everyday around this time. Don't know why that is.
radio... Enough said
Salserodalante Productions Presents a Fun Ladies Styling & Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at 7:00pm!
cant decide about the comnetwork conference! but thinking i should try to make it!
yoga, kickboxing, something to spice things up with my current running training.
Heading to Revive!
there will definitely be a minimum BAC in order to drink on Maxwell
Cocktail flag's up! I think a fresh Margarita this lovely afternoon.
When my iCloud fills up and says I need to buy more space where does the new space come from? And why does it cost money? #deepthought <U+0001F4F1><U+0001F4B0><U+2601>
Big pants. RT: : RT : Umm. how? RT Police find 19 inch flat screen TV in Columbia Heights man<U+2019>s pants.
Sorry, but I HATE the kill time in the corner thing Kei does.
Thinking about someone and hoping that they are thinking about you too
My father had a profound influence on me, he was a lunatic. Spike Milligan
People Under The Stairs -
Can you imagine? I might have to make this a reality. The Maven's Magical Mysterious Tour of the Wizarding World...
thanks for the RT! And thanks to for answering my e-mail so quickly :)
You may think you're making me mad, all you're doing is making it easier to check you off my list! THANK YOU! #ikeepshining!
I am going to kick this week in the butt. Watch out week, I wear tall pointy high heels.
It gets on my last fucking nerve when people use improper grammer. Seriously did you go to fucking school. Fuck. Hahaha. I'm going crazy.
After thunderstorms in the morning it's shaping out to be a pretty nice day for sprints.
Its only for a few days :-) Im excited about Vegas for ur birthday! yeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaa
That's an interesting take on Harvard's announcement, but has troubling implications for funding libraries. :/
oh ya know . I got reasons ;)
<U+201C> #ItWasOverWhen getting jealous became a habit, trust has been lost, and insecurities became ur way of thinking<U+201D>
As a (pedantic!) side note, one can sensibly question whether X is deserved even if there is no alternative to having X.
Have not heard from you in a while...any updates? Getting bored
"To me Wayne State is a haven of true Detroit soul." - #Arts Achievement Awards get it girl!
***HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSSS***Things will get better, they have to...you're too good for them not to!!!
How I wish you were beside me now hugging me . Its hard for me to forget the moment we spnd tgher dearest :/
Twitter tip: use/follow hash tags to insert yourself into a conversation and share info.
Can't believe my baby is 18<U+0001F625>
RIP Donna Summer
My wishes are coming but slowly the best thing happened yesterday just got a new job :) wow
its good stuff! hope all is well is beautiful paris! :-)
that was me a few hours ago. Except it was CNN. My life is full of excitement.
LUV the Whole Enchilada #Restaurant #California Coast
Since when did being whipped become a bad thing?
RT : If you make a girl laugh, she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you.
Helping launch VA statewide launch of "Women for Obama." Over 600 energetic and motivated women ready to keep Barack Obama as President!
MY SHIT BANG TUNE MY MUSIC UP)(:)~
you and I know better than to settle. It's just not who we are. To be mediocre would be to slap one another in the face.
Great! Thanks Steph. Who?
- You bubble ball text make jelly. Make cry.
Man my phone all fucked up
Happy Birthday, e e cummings!
how are you dopeness!!
New classes! Come and join us! Wednesdays @ 9am Body Flex and Glide with Susie. Tuesdays @ 10 am Stretch with Tina
Great work team!
what I need most in my life rn is a confirmation that Britney is actually gonna be an X Factor judge
just remembered i have some sushi in the fridge #winning!!!
I hate this spam on twitter
dont mean i dont apprcaite the other rappers , just means id rather listen to other niggas on my lyrical level and higher
He got that type of game. Its just westbrook be going Greedy to much smh
Feeling good. Not sleepy yet
Theres a mosquito bite on my face o.e
~ Boo. This makes me sad.
Ha Ha Hahaa, Holy Shit Your Face Is Funny HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA<U+2026>.
just picked up my cap & gown from the Suffolk book store!!!! ah
FR3$H TO DEATH
S/O to !! :) GO FOLLOW HER!!! DO IT NOW! She loves Vinny Castronovo as u can see in her name, and she does amazing imagines!
Yes, working another night shift. Today 1-9pm. Tomorrow i work 8am-4pm, and then i am off Sunday! Yeah!!!! Hoping to be off Monday too!
u bringin us one next year homie cant wait...Go BigBlue!!!
have you released new music recently?
Hey!! You are very pretty <U+0001F60A>
I'm so excited for #NewZealand I could scream!
Omg 2 days.
A late-period obvious tripping penalty on Quick is a "good non-call." Huh.
I always keep a condom where ever I go because you never know
I feel like Gates made "Baddest In The Building" for me & :))) lol
Wow...congrats man!
no. They looked gross
not everyone can be classy like us ;)
Lunch need to hurry up in come, them sugar cookies calling my name
Legends. Don't. Die. At least he has a trend about him, you never will.
Listening 'Professor Green - Remedy ft Ruth Anne LyricsHD' of '(null)'
According to , helps its grad fellows become "vaguely dangerous" in a number of different areas.
Did u ever moon a person?
Off to odark30studio to visit my friend Brad! And to master the new album! Hi ho hi ho! Off to work we go! 4 years in the making!!!
I love when I get to empty the lint trap in the dryer.
you dont REALLY mean that... you know you support the jersey dress movement
One Week Till Try-outs.
. love these guys 's go to spot for a cut. Was going to get a shape up from them
Must read every week. RT Another great #sportsbiz newsletter from this week
So call me maybe?(;
Before you assume, learn the facts. Before you judge, understand why. Before you hurt someone, feel. Before you leave, commit to staying.
Excited about the new video series we are doing for We got to fire machine guns yesterday!
traveling and enjoying life
#GreatnessIs having the pride which compels a man to do his best, even when no one is watching
support struggling learners; they have authority,flexibility&accountability to plan ind&small group support
Thankfully! What publications do you write for?
you followed like all my friends and they don't even follow you, please make my day better and follow?(: your prob won't
omg I'm so excited. I was shopping for my dorm last night ^_^ I can't wait .!
happy groundhhog day
You do know it's not your night to dj?
I still have my Kings "Beat LA" shirt from playoffs 6 years ago. Good times!
My at home book arrived. My hectic day just turned around for the better!
Can't wait to see it! #Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Listening to #Godsmack. Love this band
time to mimis
My all-time favorite Heart song is playing: "If Looks could Kill." Got a fave Heart song, ?
you and me both sista
Thanks Cap! Nope, no vid, but good times, nonetheless.
My Quote of the Day - "Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.", Mark Twain
So many of my #unrbrand students gave themselves permission to be excellent this semester. Some amazing people in this group
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
RT : Dick Cheney got a heart. Now if W. gets a brain and Colin Powell gets some courage, Condi can click her heels & go home.
I want that.
idek how I get straight A's thinking about him all the time!
movie in health class :P #fatallove #anyone know this?
RT Head to the for lunch today, drinks and hoops tonight and full on st pattys day celebration tomorrow
there is access to internet access at any local library and cafes everywhere. All citizens have access from what I have seen.
Just seen these dope ass adidas. Gotta cop em soon
Work, doctor, work, gym, pharmacy, breakfast for dinner w/ Mom, good book, sleeping pill. Don't want to see any more Arcade Fire updates.
shut it
Time to kind of say it the way I see it. The Cardinals stink this year.
we do not connect on the ground with contemporary emerging leadership. Nobody marches in streets for effective programs
.. Kinda like your teen pussy
They let me leave from time to time. I'll be back next week!
is my wifey made my morning
hey...are you going to get back to me?
If my Austin-to-JFK flight goes down, half the bands in Williamsburg are gonna be needing new bass players.
Share a of your delivery and we will give you $5.00 tonight.
Reasons I love DC: I am making paper flowers and watching japanese college students play Gershwin for free.
love helo kitty
Things some people could stand to be hit over the head with: 1)kindness 2)sensitivity 3)driving skills.
feels #awesome to get a W against wilm. for the first match of the season! won mine: 6-0, 7-5 let's get em tomorrow too!!!
Corey and I are going to that show!!
i's so sad to miss last nite! Seemed like show of the decade. totally proud, totally jealous, totally love you guys!
2012 is the return of the crazy someone will fulfill the VIP bodybag
no, thank you Arzu
<U+201C>: She Was Kickin Out A Whole Bunch Of Bullshit. That's The Shit I Don't Like! Lol<U+201D>
Any suggestions for best car audio spot in #charlotte? Need some new speakers for the Jeep.
New song this weekend tho
I will protect my sister through everything that comes her way regardless of who or what it is. She deserves it.
Happy Birthday Logan Aunt Cheyanne loves you and hopes you have a great day! :) <3
Hey. Do bags fly free on Southwest, or something?
Okay, another A-maazziingg movie!! Def watch "The Lorax" in IMAX D-Box!!!
FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART
Whew! You had me worried for a second! I totes agree : ) And I should be sending some story ideas your way today.
Pancreatic #cancer is a bitch. That's all I have for today.
hm I just did that the other day. The $1.00 section always gets me...it's a $1.00.
Damn, replay shows Chara just got slashed in the neck! That musta hurt like hell. #Caps continue #gutless play.
whole lime with skin, orange, carrot, ginger or kale, cumber, cellery, lemon, lime
Stay classy San Diego! (Sorry, I Couldn't help myself)
Congrats <U+0001F60A><U+2764> I want to see him soon!
Ugh Im so cold and sleepy -____-
We retweet and it appears on our website. Follow us and get retweeted!
Looking forward to the Gender and Women's Studies Banquet tonight! Congrats to all the graduating students!
Fighting sleep. I can't sleep. Too much going on.. Grandma please be okay.
ok ok - can't wait to see more of the nook over here...
No head-banging code? Actually, B.B. King's "Live in Cook County Jail" has really been working for me lately...
I heart you (thanks !)
Bummer... Wanted to use it! What would you recommend of out-of-box services to achieve similar site?
take Me with you !
ah sorry!! thanks for already liking it tho :)
In his Inauguration speech, President Obama pledged we'd work alongside poor nations <U+201C>to make farms flourish and let clean waters flow... <U+201C>
Me? I had lunch before 4pm! Ha! ; )
Is our time slot good or did they bury us?
Find that idea that is burning inside you--something that will get you up in the morning. Then nurture it and let it grow. Simple. Not easy.
When the guy you like, falls for another girl... The saddest part is being the best friend and helping him.
Today I will wear the emperor's new clothes...
Mom bought me an unlimited monthly tanning package. Yaaaay :)
I think you would be interested in the discussions on this string
thanks for the follows!
Supports Alec, too? Hmm, I let the Rush Limbaugh thing go. SF pulled out and convinced me it was an accident. Hmm...
It actually is kinda hilarious. I mean, he was even checking IDs!
someone just left this funeral home and told Pope how he was proud she was independent
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. - Faith Whittlesey
that was not today mongahs :) it was the other day lmao
sorry only just seen this, shoulder length or longer, love it if you could come in
You walk silly. You talk silly. You make me sick. I'm. Not. Leavin.. Till. You're. Leavin.
Last day of freshman year. Been a good year 3 more left
No Matter What !!!! We ain't got no strings attached !!!!
Billionaire Republican-Independent Mayor Bloomberg New York City Police Dept are at it again with arresting over 700 people in 2days
Oops. Need a wireless deal? Got an opened Shure ULXP14 wireless (pro bodypack system) $625? Full warranty. Lemme know.
Listening to Silk - meeting in my bedroom. This still that shit :-)
thanks for the RT!
Morning Everyone
can you buy a ticket?
i agree!
May the Fourth be with you, all of you!
way to go Jeff!
Does it really make sense to collect toll bills by voluntary phone calls?
lol I know what it is!!! I love it!!!!
Far more serious issues now. Back then, was broke, but it still possessed a certain curatorial integrity.
it's been a little journey but Soo worth it!!!
1:1 mentoring would have a huge impact.
Letting go is always a fuss.
Who else is going to the symposium tomorrow on #arts and #economic development? will be there!
Kacie's Dad is speed-dialing Courtney right now to see if she make a quick stop in TN.
Clean language= clean mind
when someone is acting really dumb and they don't know it, i tend to scratch my head idk why .___
Dirty Crocs writing session next week?
MT : Mark Cuban has a "you're fired" policy if workers try to do the wave - "I'd rather have 60m of kiss cam"
To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers: Rub the bumper with a crumpled-up piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca Cola
Yeah i know to many with degree's that can't find jobs so why waste my money, when i can make money
Yeahh! Hahah, thanks. =) It has just been a good night. The feeling probably won't last but I haven't felt it in so long. <3
": Im so bored... Im about to take a long nap"u b bored by choice
GOTTA GIVE DA PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT
I voted!
The Alfac duck said it's Bubble Wrap Appreciation Day. I don't know if he made that up or not, but I support it.
hey! It's going petty good. How are you?! Please tell me that is not your butt.
which link do I click
He who stops being better, stops being good. -Oliver Cromwell
Thanks Mr. reality star! ;) RT : #highfive "like a boss" lol
I always played with my black GI Joe just a little bit longer just so nobody thought I was racist...
maybe you should pay attention more.
I want nonnas. :(
so... you actually met aziz?
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, mommies, mothers and mother effers out there!
You're welcome to borrow my trusty Craftsman. Just pick up some bar and chain oil as I'm fresh out.
ME NEITHER!!! But at least the parking lot looked nice with a bnunch of baracades!!! Haha
i just keep replaying the speech in Sanctuary by Paradise Fears
I hear its gonna be a hot one today so stay cool.
We can be cool, but not close.
I wuv twitter
listen in right now to to win those tickets!
Thanks for the follow! We'll have to take the office out soon to get some ice cream sammies soon!
- Thanks, Rebecca! Great to see you at SMA 2012!!
i guess we could have used one of them new fangled "direct messages" i've heard so much about.
RT : Beginning in May TWJ will offer book reviews. We're looking forward to pairing up readers with books they'll love!
Aanother Duck fumble, but Oregon falls on the loose ball. Are the Beavers slicking it up with oil? Or do the Ducks just have butterfingers?
Simple sugars are okay to have during and after workouts because they get broken down faster.
Too bad has never witnessed it! - , have at my bday partay
#TheRiver show is getting #intense by the second,
rude. I do what I want.
you made me a believer of why individuals need a coach. To achieve an excellence level in what they do!
I was at the metronomy show last night and a girl complained about a 4 dollar water with a #louisvuittonpurse. #shitushould not do with that
Look within. Be still. Free from fear and attachment, know the sweet joy of living in the way. ~Buddha
heh, I have the books on iBooks but have been dragging my heels to read'em--was hard enough watching the Lannisters on the show!
#lcd Peerless PLA60 LCD TV Mount
i wish i could walk around like the
First correct answer wins and I will DM the winner...
is my little babe
Excited to announce as our official sponsor for the Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE...one week prior to the film festival!
Last non-sequitor tweet tonight: if you play pickup bball like it's Game 7 of the NBA Finals, boxout whining and all, you're lame as hell.
There's no way I could ever deny them eternal happiness through marriage. I stand with and support gay marriage.
Chocolate overload.
MT : Tebow being allowed to pick team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville. <-- Amusing.
so whats that gotta do with anything
Sump pump replacement try #2 was far more successful than try #1. I need a condo.
Read Thru for Don Juan tonight. Let the swashbuckling begin!
OH GOD I BECAME WHAT I TWEETED ABOUT
Madison can be fun for a college town.
Ha! This was fun
Need a good place to get a hair cut. Like saturday morning. Any suggestions?
#MusicWasBestWhen the everybody on the radio didn't sound the same. early 90's
Thank you! :)
Thanks Dan! Hope you're doing well!
Coffee, eggs and Mario Bava this morning. Knives of the Avenger--go!
YES! I randomly found this at a apple mart in like Winthrop, WA as well. Nothing beats those giant healthy salt crystals.
That gave me an actual lol.
that uf awesome
We both know you're free not to care. But you had the misfortune of being a friend of a friend, so you got to hear my 2 cents.
I have been giggling for oh, 8 hours now... Its starting to hurt.
Staten island
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail? ~Dr Robert Schuller
Great weekend - watched Football yesterday while remembering 9/11 - life has changed some but our passion and focus on Freedom remains.
Missed #fridayreads yesterday while hobnobbing with fellow librarians! Re-reading Poisonwood Bible in prep for book group meeting.
Thanks Echo :-) Glad to be of help.": Shouts out to #AppreciateTheTEAMSpirit"
I feel like we're drifting -_-
Goodnight everyone :)
OJ, sorry I meant OK.
Today I want to encourage you to base your faith upon the faithfulness and absolute integrity of God and His Word.
correction: 1 seed
I am honored to be your first! Come on! Start tweeting!
ooh, you're going to that? excellent.
my brother installs gps and stuff for a living, I'll check with him.
... Hector was saying on facebook to call him if you wanted to get rid of tix
I think we can safely call them the first "modern family"
Thanks & others for the tweets re Speak Up 2011!
We in the city are spoiled with our solid, dependable cell signals. Oh for a land line. (this tweet brought to you by a wifi)
Thanks for checkin them out! <3 RT : Just listened to and loved them. :]
Since I share the name with a #RedSox game maybe I need to warm up
me to I wanted to cry yesterday at graduation practice
Love it! Love it! Love it! Thanks for sharing, Beth! :-)
going hard like bricks
lmao Cameron Diaz is so adorable
I will never leave a fallen comrade.
Amira's Bellydance 101 Belly Dancing Basics For Beginners
I swear IGNORANT, INCOMPETENT, I KNOW IT ALL PEOPLE can be so nerve wrecking. You got so much mouth and ain't saying nothing.
Follow the homuie on twitter!!!!
I did.
Days have names now. "Super Tuesday", "WTF Wednesday", and Thirsty Thursday". We don't mention Monday.
drive to south dakota! And bring with you. see ya at 5am lok
Wowza. Just listened to the Bulls beat the Bucks on my shower radio in the living room with crappy reception. Good times.
I know. Its sad dude. No time...
Five or so police cars or ambulances (ambulanci, as I like to call them) just passed my house. Who wrecked shit up?
Good morning #ilvolovers it's Friday yeahh have a wonderful weekend I love you all team be safe ..
there is nothing some Harry Potter can't fix!
That's cats for you.
Very interesting. Jailed US Contractor Alan Gross used his one phonecall a week from Cuba to call Andrea Mitchell to plead for help.
i swear if i could remember all my punchlines when im freestyling ill be the coldest rapper.#TRUTH!!!!
speaking in support of
RT Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. -Napoleon Bonaparte
What a fine morning it is. To go back to bed.
finally in Idaho! Already missing . :( but on the plus side I'm not sitting on a plane and I can finally feel my butt! <U+0001F60A>
If you're in Tel Aviv tonight, go! RT :"Protest against Israel's new anti-democratic laws will take place in Tel Aviv at 7PM"
Letter Home
If my recent predictions are any indication, Man U will probably win 5-0, but tonight I'm calling: Man City 2, Man Utd 1
Red clover is used to treat a number of medical conditions, including cancer and skin inflammations, such as psoriasis and eczema.
So ig let them bieber tweets begin , ik they're coming since his birthdays tomorrow /: lol
What is your favorite show to watch locally in OC?
Happy Mother's Day Ladies!
Molly, you in daanga' girl. Right?
In honor of opening tonight, what is your favorite Judy Garland standard?
im serious
one talks to much, the other startin to talk too much shit n one jus wont get the message........somebody save me
What do you think of Apple's Announcements yesterday? Much ado about nothing or truly "Resolutionary"?
RT Patterns are like pornography, you know it when you see it
no... I feel sorry for you! He was asking if it would make a difference if he used his woods -- that are really made of wood
I need someone to hand out some fliers for me this evening for my show...$60 plus drinks...anyone interested or know someone who is??
I miss you too girl! And yes we need to make plans to hangout this summer! We haven't hung out in almost a year! :(
RT The acapellas just grab me - he didn't sing it if he didn't mean it - "Leave Me Alone" for example.
DiMaggio was robbed twice in that game by third baseman, Ken Keltner.
Mitt flip-flops on every single position he's ever held and when Pres Obama refines his position they call HIM a flip-flopper. LMFAO!
Who's going out tonight?? Ima need some dms
"get into the groove"
awesome to see you in... Def stop by soon- lots of good stuff on the way this weekend
"You're in your Kia Rio, and then that song comes on. The one that makes you roll your windows down<U+2026>" SPOTIFY ADS ARE THE WORST
Wear blue TODAY in support of child abuse prevention and awareness!!
who do we have to be to receive God's answer to our prayer?
Really looking forward to attending the Open Mobile Summit in November
I like being alone but i get lonely moments too
": I love my twitfammmmm <3" <--- we lobe you to!
All I know is that Chuck Norris knows something.
i cant spell -.-
Get me to 50 and i'll give you some throwaway stuff....GET ME 100 to get a real deal freestyle!!!!!!!!!
Happy new year everyone!
Hurts, doesn't it? Knowing that even at my worst, I'm still better than you.
Getting random compliments can always put a smile on m face (:
Act like a bitch and get treated like one
if anyone has ever 'deserved' it, it's them after the last two years. If their SP stays healthy I'd say theres a 85% chance.
Man, I'd like to give a couple of my own words. The first is 'Brigslybeam?' which means "Where's the ?"
Just read about a dentist whose ex bf came in for toothache. She gave him anaesthesia & removed all of teeth. That's pretty sick Chubbs.
That awkward moment when you accidently touch someone's ass.
Wow.I'm so #jelly Well that'll be a nice change of pace. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Does that mean what I think it means?
LOL! That's hilarious.
Bubble Team Colorado State Rams get in as an 11 Seed...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! LOVE AND MISS YOU. WISH I WAS THERE! DINNER IS ON ME-- call me and I'll order you a nice treat! xoxxoxoxo
Then you've come to the right place, the internet will do that for you
If not us, who? If not now, when? If not a Taco, then what?
You right tho, my ex LOVED to just watch in anticipation of her serving lol
have you tried another email address? I just checked and it worked for me. Is your current email afraid to rock?? :)
Who knew? RT #DisneyFact The Aristocats was inspired by a true story of a Parisian family of cats c. 1910 that inherited a fabulous fortune.
thats way cool kim.. Ur amazing:-)
Fell off a cruise ship. I wouldn't say I survived, I'd say I thrived.
Wow, that 3 day weekend went by quickly.
haha no i wish :( i might be lucky tho this summer cuz im probably going on vacation in LA :)
for sure lol
First session with "Business buyers don't buy your products, they buy into your approach to solving their problem."
Goodnight handsomes (: I love y'all very much!!(:
The race was incredible. It was fun and very challenging.
I haven't tweeted in days, such ashame!
wow #powerade throws down the gauntlet. what a burn-by-advertising lol
did you happen to meet my nephew Galen at rehearsal? He's having his WISH from MakeAWish Foundation
Jus bought Rosetta Stone Korean ^^ YIPPEE I will learn how to speak Korean now... <U+FF08><U+FF3E><U+2207><U+FF3E><U+FF09>
Unfortunatly there will be no entertainment at this year's block party, hopefully in the future we can line something up
EXACTLY! And rightfully so!
I love #halftime already.
No guy likes a crazy chick.
thank you my love <3 you looked just as beautiful!! Missed you!
8 glasses of water a day is too freakin much lol
aye I got a stock of em fa ya.lol...got a mixtape on dat piff!!
there's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other. Love the female solidarity tweets
lol calling me a racist. I love it. You are a radical as I thought. Thanks for the fun. Now run along. ,)
Is it sad that the highlight of my weekend was getting Papa Murphy's taco pizza? If so, bite me -- it's fuckin' awesome!!
Dear Sven... that goal was SICK NASTY...
Love that album!
I CANNOT believe I just read that! RT : That was a clutch throw by Tebow.
Hey Jim! Thanks for the follow.
In Somalia you are consider an adult at 13...If you could get married and have kids your and adult...Fascinating.
My hair is like so healthy now it's so soft
It feels like "running to Starbucks" is this generation's version of a cigarette break. (FDA warnings pending...)
Seeing Woman in Black today! :D I've been waiting for this all week...
:) Yes it is. I love these! (I'm on second row, far left)
ha...so ready for summer!!
Growing up has been difficult .
Which of the 3 undefeated teams have the best chance to finish undefeated?
2 eggs~~ Over-easy.. Hashbrowns.. 2 turkey sausage.. toast witt Coffee... Yum
idunno why people at my school think i smoke weed..
Sometimes I feel alone #BizarroWorldtweet #
You're thinking about it. Buy one as a gift for your wife.
on food: classic deep dish at Pizano's; the best Dog at the Wiener's Circle; and epic Italian Beef sammies at Al's Beef
sorry i've been mia. agree. it's better on you then me but still eh...
you can save that 15 cents by having internet dinners
i hate when ppl start fights and then they blame everything on u!
Agreed. I have to admit these things looked tempting recently, despite my better judgment. No more-too good to be true always is.
Cliff Lee threw a bullpen without feeling anything. Says he will throw another in a few days, then should be activated.- Matt Gelb ()
Goodnight sweetie! <U+0001F497>
Quote: "No one can give you better advice than yourself." Cicero
Yeah, cooked in a completely different way there though. It's basically uncooked and very pungent.
Lunch with Lorraine today at the Tabard Inn lovely. Looking forward to the Folger dinner Saturday.
just a little. :-)
Somebody PLEASE SLAP OLIVIA!
wandering around town is the best way to spend a birthday! good, good.
thank you have a good week. Appreciate the support.
Does this idiot singing in pro bowl wearing a leather jacket and skin tight jeans realize it is Hawaii?
RT : #cloudforce Kundra talking about disruption and social revolution underway in tech
Has Google *dramatically* changed its search algorithms? I'm finding it weirdly impossible to find what I'm looking for tonight.
Would be cool to service the companies on the West Side of the Flats this week. Like and
Lol. I've been that assistant, among the many jobs I've held in Hollywood before getting paid to write.
I'm the type to swallow the truth.. & belch reality
Shooting future soccer stars, proms and the stars today.
'i want your face painted in my heart and i told the painter that it can't be erased'
Happy National Nurses Week! Thanks for your skill & kindness. "Nurses are angels in comfortable shoes." ~Unknown
is cooking me food.
bought a gift card, carried the bag out by hand, only to find NO gift card. Cust service said nothing they can do. Thanks !!!
Have you seen Yours!!!
all good now. Thanks and keep up the good work.
This is disgusting.
Quiet, coffee, and on my iPad
I miss
looking for a longer swing type trade take a look at YGE there is gaps to be filled candle suggest change in trend open green today
Welcome to the AFC East, Tim Tebow.
Only one way to find out. ;-)
Lumina's attainment goals are bold, but are they realistic? Setting goals is the easy part (see Goals 2000 & NCLB)
There's nothing I hate more than backseat/passanger drivers.
Say hello to falsetto in 3, 2....
i cant believe i havent seen my friend in almost 4 months. <U+0001F633>
Refresh. Nope. Refresh. Nope. Seeing MY Shepherd again feels like having drinks with an old friend.
I Will Tell Somebody Tuu They FAce If i HAve Aye Problem With THen So Get THaa Straight!!!
LL Cool J is overwhelmingly classy, all of the heads bowed for Whitney Houston was a truly American moment
I really hope your happy.. You deserve to be.
90's Music>
thanks for the coverage. I'll be watching the PA lawsuit...will be interesting.
Unfinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 2-1/4" in-stock. Great for creating a custom design floor.
I missed the hotdog! I remember the guy who wore an Eiffel Tower though. Weirdos.
Be sure to follow to learn more about why #ROC is a great place to live and work!!!
S/O to for being pretty
I've had good luck with ShopSavvy
Hi Kevin and Linda, thanks for your tweets about Scrubly. Please let us know how you like our app!
Definitely Home Alone but also Dennis the Menace or Elf which are both awesome movies lol Merry Christmas hope it's great!(:
RT what we #nonprofit don't do well is what Hollywood does beautifully... market ourselves
curious to see wat team takes a shot on Webb, he can help a club RT : MLB: Nationals to talk Webb deal at Winter Meetings:
haha, that happens. What are you doing to enjoy the week?
Wat u DOIN for the day
I'm fuzzier in person. no, the mucus isn't always there.
Seen in a blog comment: "Democrats work to achieve Bedford Falls. Republicans work to achieve Pottersville. It's a wonderful life."
I need to get booked again to babysit
Impractical jokers is this freaking funny as heck
Hey Roses!
I'll spread my wings & I'll learn how to fly, I'll do what it takes 'til I touch the sky..
Bob, Dylan is our sales team!
That's Hyundai Genesis coupe.. Don't dog it, these things are pretty sick. 348hp in the new V6...
aw whats wrong?
#moviethingstodobeforedie something like "COOL GUYS DON'T LOOK AT EXPLOSIONS"
it's me.
Indeed! See you soon!
2day was da bst day ever. Edge was so kwl and church:-)
I AM SO EXCITED FOR YOU NEW SINGLE TO COME OUT!!!!!1
Shut off my phone n text here in Japan so if anyone needs to get a hold of me, please email me!
Mornings suck.
It always rains after you wash your car
i dnt want no trouble!!! I'll be a groupie.....
... reply back and I'll give you the info! ^_^
what sort of shift are the O's using today?
took a big dukie tonight at practice and it smelt SO BAD
you mixtape is fire that one of your haters hear and gag lol love sorry i couldn't party you tonight Ms Blanco
yet again another one of your tweets is trending worldwide. Oh I love you Louis!
<U+201C>: Nobody cares RT : Still haven't ate nothing<U+201D> yeah i can tell F all my FRIENDS .. Thats for u to !!
. Those women who support Obama need to tell their men to follow their lead or they get no nookie!
Big Ups to the lovely
Oh yeah. OH yeah. I CANT DO THIS ANYORE. oh yeah
I <3 Mail Chimp!
so glad Daymond pushed for the deal w/Billy Blanks Jr. I was getting frustrated and explaining it to him lol!
So SueAnn is grilling burgers, the screen door has fallen apart and we have to herd the cats and Riley from getting out.
To see your dreams come true you must be willing to pour into others dreams.... It is more blessed to give then to receive ACTS 30:35
I can't read dutch, but I am 1/4 dutch if that counts...
Please wish my best friend a happy 17th birthday!?
thank you, likewise it was great meeting you yday I hope to make it tomorrow.
um so like when are you, Dee Dee, and I going for an all night stroll? lol I just had fantasies of us cruising, lol.
I'm such a ladies man. Well older ladies man. -.--
In the studio droppin some serious shit with and
RT Just imagine how much shorter church would be if Busta Rhymes was the preacher... Even quicker if twista were the preacher
On this episode of #cinemapocalypse we'll talk Statham and Segel as well as review The Lucky One and Goon. Help me spread the word and RT:)
tell him we understand Samardzija is the 2nd best receiver in Chicago but Wrigley Field stopped hosting the Bears in the 60s
REAL men take NAPS!!
Fasten your seat belts fans. This 4th quarter could get really interesting
can we PLEAASSEEE go fishing next week??
I was your friend when nobody else was..
I don't think I've ever been this excited/nervous about a game in my life! Come on
.i want to get faded with HIM <333
#YourNotUglyBut Your attitude is.
Awesome tour & mtg at today. Really cool space & an awesome addition to the Boston/Cambridge #startup community.
Lay the wood hemp, lay the wood.
#schoolmemories going on a field trip and getting excited when you pass by something close to your house, as if you don't see it everyday.
New Song Check it out Call IM GONE
Theres more to LIFE than just gettin back ! Get ya ass up and do somethin , and keep it like THAT !
Good decision. RT If you say "move the team", i'll hang up on you"
Finally a #Chinese Restaurant wth #REAL traditional Chinese food! Wait for our Grand Opening!!! Coming soon!!!!
happy mothers day jessica
I guess I was just really concerned because it fell in a puddle
RT and me! <raises hand> Hey you! Remember me?
I have been trying to get a hold of u to plan my trip. Call me.
Actually it comes with a live lobster that you must battle to the death & subdue just to even get a drink.
There is nothing like a newborn baby to renew your spirit - and to buttress your resolve to make the world a better place.
Lakers don't match up well against okc real shit
yoo KK im not a Mexican
Looking forward to our work together w/ - nice to meet you!
<U+201C>: you should call and see if she does! I miss u guys!<U+201D> yea I txt her but no reply yet aww we miss you too...,
I love how Damn Beyonce is trending
nah nigga I ain't tryna chill with you
When the saying "The good die young" is heard believe it's a fact 4 guys who were suppose 2 grow old with us is gone wake up ppl
Come on #Preds gotta get this win
I'm a fan of great talents lol!
You called my blood pressure "adorable" on the Facebook. I couldn't make that up.
if you will not do DWTS would you at least dance with me so I could dance with a Star?
I didn't delete any.
Q3) use SoMe as your backchannel for traditional events. I find the conversation continues and can sprout
God gave me you.<3
You're welcome! Weekend was good. Brandi's ear seems to be better! (Crossing my fingers). How are your fur babies doing?
SF organizations,need interns for the summer? Japanese Comm. Youth Council is placing 800 youth(16-24) this summer! Questions?
I think some people just wouldn't know what to do with themselves if they weren't complaining
You are trapped alright. . You better come out in a few weeks when im visiting MD.
Shoutout to for saying my aunt's cake was good, even though I know she was just breathing the air.
Why thank you! I certainly miss the old team, all the amazing tangents we chased and the movies we ranked!
Hahah im actually... surprised you use Pirate Bay :L
she says u guys are in love havahhahahahahah
you bitch
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes." - Jim Carrey
Going to the family bbq- will need $ for therapy afterwards! (Haha kidding)
Thanks for the RTs, guys!
Hey, I was wondering if you'd like to write for GamerAdvice. I liked your writing, so I'd thought I'd give you a mention.
Say hello to the weekend in the best way possible, with brunch from the Bright Spot.
: No, thank you!
JFK to Istanbul - pretty stoked to read on the plane for the 10 hours.
Handing out Dem flyers at Courthouse Metro - great reception!
I miss brother :(
Semen shots?! What the hell?!
don't always agree w/ u, but a guy who loves the Sox and the Beatles can't be all bad! Carry on!
Kobe I hate u
is offline on twitter ?
im not there but see ya! Lol Chirp
it's excellent. Without a doubt, $15 well spent.
Okok im not prego im just fat. I ate too much my tummy looks like a two month prego
RT Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg? I don't understand this photo shoot. ()
u guys really love each other! So awesome, it was so cool seeing how much ur big sister cares about u when we met--Rico
The thought of And friend ship being miles and hours apart makes me very sad!
What an awesome Saturday so far--Coffee and DVR!
Hi everybody!:)<3
oh wee.
Teaching Sound Design today. Talked Dynamic Effects. Which do you use and why? Compressor, Limiter, etc...
Mery Christmas Everyone! seems even more special because of Landri! she is the best baby ever! Enjoy your time with your families! Jo-Wayne
I believe that so much. I can only imagine.
That's amazing!
Artspan Presents Awards to Exceptional Moore College of Art &amp; Design Seniors
lmfao im so sorry I love you
followed you :)
You got great gifts on music!
Plants Vs. Zombies!!<U+2665>play game
I am excited to learn about Pinterest, starting now, with and Jessi Langsen
Listening to
Love ya too :)
they've never drove through Indiana <U+E326><U+E03E><U+E022>
Editing a video staring my niece and nephews. Stay tuned....Monday hopefully:)
Follow and :D
and hopefully there's a trip scheduled for Washington soon after that.
hey brothers why is it so hard to find 5A and 5AB pro mark sticks in Nashville Area????
the fact that my mom gave me condoms when i went to go hang with my girlfriend today .. :3
Home from running errands...back on the couch!
I love this concept as long as the lanes are not slick when wet. Would be nicer if cycling could adopt a universal color.
Steady tryna change up something fresh?
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger
if wishes came true, i'd wish to be that light behind your eye.
favorite thing of a game is standing on the base lines looking at the flag while the anthem plays, just havin that moment to talk to god.
There is a sticker with a QR code on my banana telling me in its own voice to: "Turn me into Yonanas."
... I'm sure it can be figured-out. SO good to get to hang with all of you -- much fun. Next time.
With this tan I look Mexican...
Book signing Sold-out today ..Success On God's Terms.. to God be the Glory!!!
I love to transform everyday comfortable things in the most luxurious in the world.
Dean's is rocking some throwback Beck during load-in. Great way to start off the night!
is creeped out.
thanks for the SHOUT OUT!! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
A productive ass day.! Lets get it
wait what happened?
Rhapsodomancy welcomes submissions from writers or their publicists. Please note that @ this time, poetry submissions are recvng preference.
So you'll have time to train stomach for all feijao
Trouble with market research is that people don<U+2019>t think how they feel, don<U+2019>t say what the think, and don<U+2019>t do what they say. - D. Olgivy
Srsly, sulfates in nrly ALL those shampoos! RT : Friends don't let friends buy haircare at drugstores. Tnx !
1927- The first #Volvo automobile rolled off the assembly line in Goteborg
What about bok choy? I wouldn't risk choking with just anyone
Machine in question (#1301) at driggs L is still not working MTA, thanks for the updated lie that it was.
A series of unfortunate penises
Every time I get that feeling Bow there it go
please follow me
It is something I get paid to write about, though, so what else is there for me than to engage readers? I know it's trivial.
Bitch I<U+2019>m the bomb like tick tick
#IRememberwhen I was in elementary school my teacher would give the class PizzaHut slips to get free pizza <U+263A>
Thank you for bein an inspiration to me to not give up my dream(: you're the most amazing actress in the world God bless!(:
Conversation hour with Johannes Britz, Interim Provost and V. Chancellor--positive comments about internationalization of UWM!
Left even more confused
TONIGHT! Live at The Hamilton in DC! Show starts :30pm. Get your tickets in advance or at the door.
our only advice would be this<U+2026> Don<U+2019>t burn down your apartment and don<U+2019>t spit into the wind<U+2026>
No problem!
Just talked cyclops donuts, Luigi's & The Spot burgers w/ my mom for an hour. She visiting my hometown, eating all the good foods. Hungry.
See you guys tomorrow morning at 7am at Santa Monica beach! Spread the word!
quadfest, CJ's.... hurry up old woman
dane cook<3
only on special occasions like this hahahaha my family does not appreciate it
Happy mother's day! I love you mommy :)
Can anyone think of a reason why top players would have a harder time adjusting to a bad court surface than 2nd-tier players?
Mind-numbing...
#FF Thanks for following us! Have a great weekend.
when cars going to starting running on vegetable oil! these gas prices ridiculous!"
We are working on it!
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
An evening with Distil Milwaukee in Paris. It doesn't get any better than that.
Wondering what to do tonight? Join us for happy hour from 4-7p then learn to swing dance at 8p!
Why do people come to wcc in dresses and wedges
Just a reminder our 40 Day Easter Fast begins tomorrow (February 28). Consider sacrificing something & making time to engage God
Celtics are looking much better!! Leggooo!
Oh honey I know that. I was gonna add you in my happy mother's day
Increase cognition in kids with LD: Vitamin D, Omega3, Nature/get outside!, exercise and avoid food dyes and processed foods.
- Thanks for the shout out!!
I can't say anything yet!!! At least 3-4 new items :)
I never love Sally more then when it's clear she's Betty's daughter.
We're wrapping up a fun, productive day of learning, sharing, and growing at #upstream2012. Can you feel the passion?
you strike me as more of a "Hey Dude" kind of guy. We are totally a "Salute your shorts'" type company.
Need mobile farmers markets in Tampa Bay. Retrofit a bus/mobile home purveying fruits, veggies, sustainable edibles to neighborhoods.
The awkward moment when your waiting peacefully to get a massage and the couple next to u start talking about blow jobs
fuckkkk hurt my knee tonight
Thr car was a bit jerky (it's a manual/automatic hybrid), but a good experience.
They pass judgment when they see me not knowing my talent will inspire many ... Not knowing I am what was what is and what will be.. I'm ME
more puppy pics please ;)
I finally have enough money for my board! :D Just need to wait till Friday so that my friend can get me it :)
Joining us this weekend?
Dew points in the 20's and gusty winds all day has put #RVA under a Red Flag Warning. High today around 73.
Jesus with a save, No Tebow in NY?
I believe it! RT : On 60 min they said that sugar has the same effects as cocaine on the brain
thinkn of u this evening! I know you will rock it ;) best wishes Champ!!!!
It would. Email us with some idea of what it should contain and we'll go from there.
Happy Born Day to my beautiful baby girl who turned 11 today! She's excited; I, on the other hand, might have a nervous breakdown.
#AskDerulo What's your favorite animal?
All bst LL Tx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Happy Valentines Day to my baby. And happy valentines day to
So is my mentions gonna be dead all night? If so, I'm going to sleep. Bye.
thanks for listing; we're more local than less without a doubt! Enjoy your station very much
In the next Intro to Balboa, we'll finish up the Send Out then cover the Transition to Bal-Swing for some Crossovers and Lollies!
I would be the one to have chocolate all over my phone screen.
likewise! Hope to see you at more events--or further up north ;)
hope so! We love u here Doug!
What if Justin starts shuffling with LMFAO lol i'd die
That's the best part
going through these DAMN emotions again ..... CRAZY ....
I don't no why but I love watching mobster & gangster movies.
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle The Artist
Took our Mom to Hunger Games today. Good Mothers Day movie? She loved it!
oh I know but in retrospect I did come off as being a bit selfish. I've been luckier than a lot of fans :)
Perhaps it was an Anna's? Check out the distribution map for Ruby-throated in the field guide.
Asleep at 9, up at 8. Take that, crappy fatigue.
Happy Ascension day Of Jesus Christ everyone<U+2665> Tell the world He has Risen , He is Alive!
Mood went from :) to -_-
that's crazy!
too funny
great idea <U+201C>: we should do this; start small, start fun. could be #dietribes project<U+201D>
Oh, so you are 2 hours behind me. cool
happy birthday to my widdle pezdooger ! love you girl <3 <U+E34B><U+E310><U+E112>
Don't put a question mark where God has put a period.
right because M. Williams doesn't realize it gets cold in Buffalo.
Kloppenburg's team is apparently at government accountability board - a sign they may be asking for a recount after all. So far, not filed.
Glad to know I'm not alone. With limited budget, a lack of bib/notes is a deal breaker these days.
I voted. Do not screw this up, :)
whta's been up. Do u c da Movie about 2 jump off w/ as da STAR n Mo Known Talent of course.
We're preparing for the closing keynote at #nsvfsummit with Laurene Powell Jobs, and
What do you think of the new Pink song?? Raise Your Glass.,
I am somewhat entertained by the fact that it's the iPad 2 vs. "the new iPad." up next: "the new new iPad" or iPad 4?
Quite confident this day is never going to end.
YW. A necessary site you have. RT : Thanks for the follow, and also being there for us from the beginning!
RT its puzzling that your snazzy logo and prison etiquette don't garnish you more free work?HA
Richard Edwards ()'s #scms12 talk is like 's Understanding Comics: it's about a field, but really about everything
I know exactly how you feel! And you're welcome. RT : Love that post-haircut feeling. Thanks !
Just called Dad to wish him a Happy Father's Day.
Vinny's laugh . that is all .
culture is our operating system
Throwin' it out there. Went to see Korn tonight. pretty sure I'm over n done w/Em. Some things don't stand the test of time
3 Days Down... 647 To Go. I'm Gonna Go Insane.
sitting here drinking my morning coffee and watching all these people jog around my neighborhood. I must of missed the memo...
Especially amazing considering I've been a perennial sports Scrooge for over 3 decades.
It's been a while nice seeing you too!!!
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
Some Amazon parrots are cuddlier than others. Most of it depends on how they are raised as a baby and how they've been treated since...
Having a complete strategic picture of your strengths and weaknesses in the market is vital to
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Great things are coming my way :-)
I can find a reason to hang on. What went wrong can be forgiven. Without you it ain't worth livin' alone.
Joinin the ranks of the bridge 'n tunnel peeps...
I feel you pain. My mom passed 6 yrs this April 21st.
yeah, but tmrw's the uva/md bball game so that doesn't count right? ditto that for the blah blah blah match/game/etc
Want to defy gravity? Try our new Gravity Blast Classes - First class is FREE!
Create your own path to success
sports page 1. Andy Baggot, arguably the worst sports writer in the state & that's not a title I just toss around.
im not watching it ethier. Hhahaha.
<U+201C>: The next time I see she will be walking down the aisle.<U+201D>My heart just melted
All unpacked and back in the dorm. Now its
A4 willingness to experiment; analytics tools to show quickly what works, what doesn't; open mind to use what data teaches
Need to go to church today. Going to FBC.
Competitive non-sleeping. Seems apt. Missed you at LCC, you social butterfly
#Obama just keeps making Julia's life better and better......
I'm SO excited to go to this March, during our "Girls' LA Weekend Extravaganza!!" Counting down the days!!
RT : you gained half a pound....
I'm drinking a Sunkist right now.
Yes!! Send me a DM with possible dates! Looking forward to it! X0xo
dude! I'd love nothing more than that. Best line up ever, Let's make it happen!--Rico
pshh whenever ;p doesn't really matter since I'ma win! >:D
Trying to look for a new icon but I can't find a good one
that was the best pic you got? I mean I look good...but the sun sure is not allowing you to see my full potential!
The Bulls won the East last year , playoffs came around and couldnt' take on the #Heat. Your boy Rose chocked.
Don't Get me wrong, but every year I say man it would be awesome to see Coyotes Vs. Kings in Western Final
I had a dream that my right eye stopped working. That was scary...I hope that never happens in real life
im down!
I think that would have to depend on the rubric...
you can always dust off and climb back on but if he gallops into the nearest tree a few more times, it may be time for a new horse.
I love the pic!
when I saw pearl jam on acid in high school they didn't go nuts. It was a docile moment
I've been waiting in this line at the convenience store for like 20 mins... I feel like I'm in the movie Lottery Ticket smh
This one eerily resembles the last one. But have a feeling this one would beat the other in darts.
ya when I have the time I do try to learn more about people so I hear ya...lol
Thanks. We're hoping for improved news.
So wts up
CBS kept us busy yesterday. Super big cupcake order for birthday bash.
Scripting this weekend for next feature while the editor for does some more post work. Thank you snowed-in days!
never even heard of jagged cakes till you. Can you mail them to us lol
I come home and my sweet husband is sleeping to a documentary about public broadcasting
drinking event
its painful to watch
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Grab your hats and head to #KentuckyDerby Party | 5-7pm | #TONIGHT!
A Taste of London..... nice job team
Fucking her face gives a whole new meaning to "fuck face"
Did we just create our own necromancer sketch group?! I think we did!
Im so bored you guys :(
Just being my regular ah-mazing self! ;)
I am in a country western bar in dirty downtown las vegas with 400 people dressed as Santa Clause.
Just deleted my Tumblr.
Felt like I was going to fly off the disco ride
the Hongs on Daily Candy Miami today!....thats sweet ..LOL
wha wha wha WHAT?!?! Guess I'm going there for lunch (and breakfast and dinner) tomorrow.
thanks girl
Anyone with free tickets to Indiana Flower & Patio Show?
Tra-la! It's May!
But, for real, how would like to have Spike Lee staring a hole into your back? You look at him & know you're killing his childhood dream.
S/o to my boy chacha for graduating today
Yes, seems to be public enemy #1. RT : John Dunbar of Center for Public Integrity says "Speed kills accuracy."
I'm under instruction from my mentor (Robert Townsend) to spend one whole week doing ONLY the things I love-then I have a lot of work to do.
Today is just one of those days where I don't want to get up from the covers but it's hot as hell in my room :/ lazy...
We believe!
Thanks to all my STEELER FAMILY that's what makes us true friends & fans. We stick together & are there for each other! Again thanks
My new follower
how old is "old" to you,
that's what's up!
Shower time!
Lol thats what i said..;p
is at school.
Ya know, just kind of fangurling really hard because Michael Bohn tweeted me back.
Most Shit Just Dont Get My Dick Hard No More - just money, love and world peace lol
I need something to put in my hair so it will get straight
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Best Wishes!!!
RT Concordia vs. UWM in Lakefront Marathon Claws vs. Paws challenge.
If a glass cup has no "life".... Well that's what they say.
Volunteer training 4 #sdp2p going on right now! Grt group & they r raring 2 serve u at paths. 1 week to go!
Want to know the exhibit hours for ?
HA STOP u made me BlusH lmfao
haha yeah and tupac's gonna play mr. freeze
Does anyone at the Vets Hall understand that Justin Bond is singing Fleetwood Mac?
Rip advanced pe
Have a Beautiful Day!
Extremely unsettling dream
are you gonna ask somebody to be your valentine?:)
The ads tonight have clearly defined who the country's buying demo is with the late 80s nostalgia.
Chilling. What are you doing?
Waitress: 'Do you have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
I heard!!! What the heck is going on over there?
Fired up Netflix for the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO. (hope this one is better)
by doing a selfless act for another person without expecting anything in return. We would actually love and
Woohoo! Almost there :)
So thank you. We are truly #thankful for all of you. From the
Send me the exact request and response to .
To be #honest the #rams are not good
The magnolia tree by our kitchen is like a neighborhood bar for birds. At least 12 in it right now. I think they just yelled "Norm!"
Red Ring of Death on my NEW Sony BRAVIA XBR HX929 3DTV! Only 3 months old and its the 2nd TV. On hold w/Sony for over an hour now.
iim the shiit and u biitches follow my lead
s/o's to for putting together a great show at the San Antonio Event Center. Shit was dope!
1993 was the cutoff for flannel.
We can disagree, that's cool. But someone, with good lawyers, will take the risk. That's what I'm saying.
Partying in ny and the giants about to win!
(c) nerve to sit there and be like 'omg all these ppl sound SO bad.' Lol bitch please. Stfu.
Some light snow accumulations for the #RVA metro Saturday night are possible. Details coming soon!
I've been using IE8 on the Windows 7 Beta for a while and I think you will be safe to download and install it now.
I'm waiting myself. Maybe I should have made the trip to la...
Is there a way to add a select box to contact forms in ?
Bus is on fire#catholic Schoolgirlproblems
dammit. Guess I need to become an Apple fanboi
nah, he hasn't worked there for a while. I always had luck sitting at the bar, though.
Not against the sorry Knicks, but that flagrant was garbage.
sounds good! I agree a nice mimosa would top it off. LOL
Hi Ian, feel free to get in touch, would be pleased to assist.
ok, well that is just not true.
A little late-night snacking. Bad girl.
yes, unfortunately I do my lil bro ;( lol. Heeeereheeeree
final two cap samples on display. yay or nay?
cant wait:)
RT : I'm in Portland. Is this place any good? <<Was that a joke!?
How can you sing a rap??
At least your taxes are done (I hope)!
I'm gud just woke up lol Now I'm about to get myself together
RT - Got my NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS shirt on today
Doing well man, you?
Migraine medicine given at the door? Home from the House of Chuck! Happy and tired kid!
#Amerks Hall of Famer and three time Calder Cup Winner Dick Gamble kicking off the show here tonight!
#PeopleLikeUs TAKE STAND'S..
WooHoo! RT GoTime\'s Happy Hours app is quite good (on iPhone and BB also)
#ClapYourHands if I need more followers !
good listening to Taylor Swift's music
Budget Committee is listening to public comment right now; young adults are asking for more city funds for youth jobs/programs.
They shot their last scenes this week.
Over the green bridge, next to Kohls - come lunch with us!
I enjoyed our chat yesterday, Jay! It was great to meet you.
Ironic the best education system doesn't support liberal arts, yet Apple is worlds biggest company
Fantastic,thanks for the info.It really is a brilliant piece.I can't wait to be able to buy a CD of last night.
Super excited for storySLAM to get started at The Rex. Musical memories! #PGH ( , )
That Thing You Do - The Wonders. In case you're unfamiliar, its a song from an old Tom Hanks movie about a one hit wonder band
Nope. xD my friend kyle that lives down the street.
She is very talented but I can't figure out if she is a ballad singer or what. She needed to find her niche and hasn't.
Happy Poetry Month!
This time of year frustrates me annually, I want to be in the gym with my guys working on strengths and weaknesses...they do too!!!
Watching the Black Keys perform and feeling good!
glad you enjoyed the article, thanks for sharing with your followers!
Two of my favorite things this Monday morning. #Marketing and
Just got the #ArkhamCity Xbox batarang controller :B
is garbage. If Brockers is there he'll be the pick.
today is the day... not a good band to listen to while dealing with traffic. my nerves are now shot.
you guys popped the #Homebrew cherry, congrats! It's fun, eh? I've been brewing for a couple years. Loving it! You?
Shoutout to my new Followers
your right...
please tell me you get to go to Copenhagen? When will you be there? :)
My fav#psanderettememories is when u followed me without me knowing who u were.But Im SO glad I do now&that ur following me
Seeing ' reports of rioting in Lexington.
Suck a dick if you the boyfriend kissing the girls ass.
Given weather changes, my bones hurt more than they used to. Body-interface :: analogy as erotic mode of knowledge :: ruins remember selves.
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
ill fight you Mariah (;
its how we roll :-)
New day new opportunities buy now US real estate and you get the deal of a lifetime
yes I am
So a financial crime unit and trade enforcement unit?
Members Card New York Rangers ML -170 (50 units) Richcapper
Red drank RT: BBQ taste so much better with Big Red.
.: There are lot of media in SD committed to covering #OccupySD. May lack resources, but many trying hard.
Why is Pandora messing w/ my Sade station by playing Drake and Chris Brown?
Cool. . My marker busted open all over my fucking hand . . . Shower time. . . Again -_-
soo..im seeing on sunday, and i deff think on their next tour they should have open for them!
Yeah I'm fine. haha
We're in flagstaf, az. Man! The stars are beautiful!
Yes IROC!, but I never liked Warrant.
why is everyone posting pictures of their moms to twitter
<U+201C>: #VASHRM12 Karen Michael is giving excellent presentation. Entertaining and informative.<U+201D> Karen is always excellent!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 85
I love butter.
is killing it during
I love to rock the cob.
I just hate it when you make plans and as soon as you make them they get ruined...
That was just a mistake I made
eddie vedder, why do you get boners live on stage? not that i'm complaining, it's just an odd place to get a boner idk
no problem <3 (: haha you little
I feel like me and my closest friends are drifting a part really fast
couldn't wait... Been there, done that ;-)
I've gotta say, that I think I gotta stay, cuz this is feeling more and more like home, so bring me two pina coladas
just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing. <3
Some live tweets from 's Press Conference...."I'm a lucky guy to have this job; I'm asking the public for 4 more years."
Still not sure what to expect at the Lost Weekend #Halloween #party? Take a look at Robin's and Emily's past work!
can I join you stiff? I'm falling asleep sitting down lol
That's what I like to hear.
Vou fazer um desenho inspirado no clip de i do't love u
<U+201C>: Did you study for the test? Nerd: "All week long". Normal people: "I read the chapter". Me: "What test?!<U+201D>---> ME!!!!
Happy New Year to my friends and clients, may this year be prosperous and filled with exciting new events.
I wish they could spend less time speculating and more time investigating and informing.
u know I bang like 4 5's for a 20
got u
Bringing Innovation to Financial Literacy and College Affordability
Don't u get bored when friends wantto talk about UNinteresting stuff like THEM, when you could be talking interesting stuff like about YOU
Skipped out on all the #ala11 partying tonight. Had quiet dinner with 3 other spectrum scholars, strolled crazy Bourbon Street, now bedtime
Crab Rangoon, dumplings, & vodka.
I wish was next to me rt na.
If anyone was wondering about #BeastMode...it just happened.
Looking forward to the photo exhibit "Homeless is Not My Name" at MIAD 10-15. 6-9pm.
#aaa2010 Hotel in New Orleans was so full they bumped my little room...to a suite. With a jacuzzi. Yeeehaww!
Has to be one of the most incredible people I have EVER seen. I will always love him!
It's only one thing i take "shit" from & thats my Ass, other den dat, dnt test me
Future Duke Football Camp - York News-Times
certain people are coming to Cleveland :)
How come my just 1 always turns into 13?
We do too. It's been a long summer...
Anybody tryna see Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance tonight?
That's what I thought!!!!!! I started cracking up!
busy, exciting, amazing...need I say more is gonna be a lot of fun
Not sure why exactly but this is the 2nd Saturday in a row I am willingly up at 5 in the morning for no apparent reason.
My dad does not have any food etiquette whatsoever
I think it's gonna happen tomorrow<3
:)) welcome babe
Maybe if they weren't suckling at the "liberal boob" all the time they wouldn't need saving! "Food" for thought! :)
Q: Who sends a thousand valentines cards signed', guess who' ?A: A divorce lawyer.
"Ain't nothin to it but to do it now." --Snoop Dogg.
This "Ron Artest" - "Metta World Piece" complication Is getting corny
#Capital #Brewery wins gold for its Winter Skal & bronze for Blonde Dopplbock at the #World #Beer Cup. 6 state breweries win 9 awards.
who's all playing that night? i might drop by c: Hawthorne Theater, right?
At with the greatest wine makers in the biz - feeling like an interloper...
Men gossip more than females
The DeWitt Law Firm has launched a new website at DeWittLaw.com!
Use your smile to change the world, don't let the world change your smile!
I wish I could join ya!
Just copped tix to our show with The Fixtures!! only 8 bones, hear that fuckin sound? thats the sound of a GOOD ASS DEAL!!!
New versions of Remote Conductor and Conductor Server are available now. Bug fixes and enhancements to custom folders.
I know exactly what you mean!! That's why I'm the one kinda taking over for that stuff! haha
otay ,otay ill cut it out for a second...but im loosing my mind, I dont know if I can handle this much longer
Turns out is doing Code Year too! It's an IncrediBull race to be the best coder in the office!
San Diego bro and I gotta leave for a while if I don't leave somethin will happen that I will never ever forget
Food Inc ... Wow, really makes you think about the food you eat.
Sitting in Interactive Qualitative Analysis. Need caffeine. :P
<------- needs a new cellular device
Cigarette voiced lady at gas station had a long chat with a guy before me. But was irritated when I didn't put my change away quickly.
#SLIGHT-HANGOVER Yeeezzzziiiiirrrrr Happy Birthday Momma! Holla at me doe #Avenue #4/20
Can't get rid of my hiccups...I sound like a tiny barkin dog!
SO to for telling Osi what's up. Ask him what it's like to be the third best pass rusher on his team..
lucky! I love the Fray! And Red Rocks!
Hehe. Now you know how I felt on black Friday! We should get matching outfits now that our #Asics are pretty much the same:).
mine was Tacoma I think..
Ask me about my new opportunity! Spring time is the time of change. Let me help you!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You care more about your body than you do your car.
I haven't done anything significant today...
if steam punk had had it's way, we'd be writing those emails with electro-quills
Cold and rainy night...wish I had someone 2 cuddle wit :(
Congrats to ! #winning. Now will you call into work for me?
I care because if instagram takes on facebook's TOS then our photos become facebook's property. Which is lame.
Man, I really need to loose my tummy >_<
Being a dude, #uCantBeToughAndSay "I love my boyfriend."
Just got a call from wardrobe for commercial shoot Thursday...
Watching this heat game push ups and abs during the commercial crazy man shit
Helmond: Using hyperlink to periodize web. Examining move to differentiate & attribute value to links.
very. Too bad moving sucks so bad!
#IWishYouKnew how I feel.
Working on a new intro and setlist today!
seize the carpe.
These late nights may kill me, but totally worth it :)
Im sure most are Texans.
very nice!
good job Belle
90's Babies are better ^_^
is a sexy pink haired female dog.c: does your hair taste good??
right! I question her motives?!? Be yourself....
RT : When the inside of the body, the outside of the body & the environment are in balance - your pets live in harmony &...
Listen to your pizzeria..thank you!! RT We don<U+2019>t often give out advice, but when we do, we recommend you check out
someone text me. #bored #cantsleep <U+0001F4F1>
U should come enter the giveaway hosted by
- omg , next weekend is my first tournament <3 .. CAN'T WAIT !
<U+2764><U+2600> LOVE MY FANS COME VISIT ME<U+2763><U+2600><U+2765>
bout 2 take a power nap.......
I'm might have to get SF vs Tekken now.
You should also put some pants on. <U+201C>: Day 4 of dreary rain means I am rocking hot pink leopard rain boots with zero shame.
ok first of why do you want it egave a reson and i will gave you it
Swimming will just kill me today
#HISD trustee Galloway just took Rodriguez to task for "insensitive" remarks.
The plain working truth is that it is not only good for people to be shocked occasionally, but absolutely necessary to the progress
please keep in touch.
I'm seeing Can a Social Web of Things Keep TV Cords Connected #sxsw Bluefin Labs has some interesting data marrying social to TV viewing
I am coming home the 17th so I will be home soon enough! I can't wait to hear about your trip and just life in general!
Omg how many more days til midnight madness or BB madness ??????
It's only Tuesday and all I want to do is stay home and read
Bummer to hear Led Zeppelin's "Heartbreaker" without it being followed by "Living Loving Maid."
got your file :) I need to sync up on my phone next !
. optimism, patience and impatience are not here
that is super awesome!!!
REMINDER: Set your fantasy baseball lineups early today, there's a 1:05 PM CWS/CLE game.
I'm going to sleep 1 hour and a half;) dude
Come worship with me at Beth Am Synagogue tomorrow am. Worship starts at 9:30, but my Jewish friends tell me only Xians show up that early
name or concept, what comes first? Geoff Dawson says concept
Sometimes we have to stop back and think will this matter in a year. If so fight for it if not walk away.
Green tangerine
I just figured your dad wouldn't come early if he didn't have to!
yuck!! That's just ridiculous!!
lol no, it's okay!
omg! Lets go to Atlanta to see Christian & then tell him to follow you (:
At the Brakhage Award Ceremony for Abigail Child
#AutoMT1's commentaries aren't in the printed book or Kindle/epub files published by UC Press. That PDF can be loaded onto an e-reader.
Very nice! I "like it" RT : If you're a developer, you can check out the new Facebook Timeline style profile page re:...
HOPE EVERYONE HAD A SAFE AND HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
im just worried abou the competition he was facing in the big east tho. Not too much quality in there
Low End Theory on repeat
even then he will let u hyphenate :)
RT Shut ya dumb ass up talking bout is disrespectful to Philly bitches. Its freaks all over the world that's real
the shittyness of some people can be so shocking...
HELP ALEXIS MEET JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!
Let us die young or let us live forever, We don<U+2019>t have the power but we never say never. #foreveryoung <3
ok I promise :)
Thanks for the follow, we're looking to hear about upcoming events!
:-X (continuing to hold in naughty comments) :)
This tweet brought to you by my tethered iPhone. And the letter E!!!! I finally made it to the future!!!!
I sent you a DM
I went to bed and missed it. Santos cannot come back soon enough! Cordero's still better than Fraser tho
wish you were here!
Careful, I've seen cops on that stretch. Then again, you have a good lawyer:) RT : Love ripping up 145 to 45
Might fall asleep in the tanning bed tonight..
Had a great meeting today with and just psyched to meet more and more smart people in DC
Went to a tournament this weekend and got 2nd of 63. Another tourney this weekend for a bid and i hope we do good!!
That's What I Said. She seems sincere and is doing her job": Can we stop attacking Angela Corey? #trayvon"
It sucks when you are about to turn a corner and you see your bus go by.
Boom! We've got no fee advance tix in our possession for NYE at Hit us up, free delivery!
Triple overtime and I'm so nervous.
Turns out my most comfortable item of clothing is my husband's Target/WalMart pajama bottoms.
I know Mane...We Aint Fuck Around Since A-wood
it's been non eventful really but better than school ya know. You have off this upcoming week?
Great Progress, luv'n it!
I'm going to make an ad-hoc croque madame sadwich... so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice.
Thanks. I was really just looking for an excuse to use some of the herbs I've started growing.
which clip?
when have u ever seen some dude from park avenue act ghetto ???
Two hits in a row!
state your complaint as a "concern" Also broaden it to more than just yourself. Cite stats on unemployment, salaries, etc?
omg I didn't hear you!! I thought you ass dialed me!!
TY for the shout out!
Nice job! RT Just flipped my tassel! #IITgrads2012 Congrats ACE graduates!
music, jesus...the usual.lol u?
Strategic dissonance, strong beats and vocals with well-placed mixed meters are the keys to my musical heart.
EVERYONE!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Never been so damn sober lol feel like a new born
he was hilarious!!
um... the things people do..
Heading to an Audi Commercial to be one of the asian golfers!!!!
I wouldn't know, So is there any particular colour of caryon,cuz I like blue cheese with buffalo chicken. I case I run out
That nails it on the head precisely.
omfg your picture is gorg fosure:) lol as me and christian would say
I am way to excited about the game on Saturday.
That's awesome feedback - thank you!!
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans IT'S A HAIR PIECE
Cleaning aisle - ammonia and bleach - gas 'em!
I got tha third highest score on tha EOC in biology.!
its from mean girls
Playing with the matches condition and regular expressions in Create Lists this morning. #i #iug #innovative. 2 much for a Fri morning.
Bill Nye , #NASA Dep'y Admin here in #Seattle for the #NASAFuture Forum at
go get pretty. Go out to dinner and have everyone tell you how pretty you are.
Oh my goodness. So precious.
<U+201C>: Grab your roller skates, bike or walking shoes. The block party is at GGP for Sunday Streets - 11 am to 4 pm.<U+201D> c u there!
<U+2665><U+2665>Just got hom from church... Wow we got out rly early lol. Gonna go to bed cause I know mom will have me up at the crack of dawn tomorrow<U+2665><U+2665>
I love the buttery. Jealous.
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: We celebrate MOAN-Day.
awesome!!! Great job!! Glad you were able to run! Go us!
KAYLEE ! Shut up.... you are not ugly ! You're beautiful chica
Have one of those feelings tonight will be a great game
went mud sliding, got dirty.
Watching knicks-bulls. My wife asked "who is that woman thats really upset?". It was spike lee
RT : RT : Great advice from -- Use metrics to INSPIRE not to justify.
Oh. Ok. Go Broncos
i love fl to
data viz: helping people see how they fit into systems
has g wallace made a difference for nets(blazers fan) don't want nets games!! Who do u think won that trade?
My Birthday is Tomorrow!!!!!! hope everybody says happy birthday to me ^_^
The only reason I don't mind opening every Saturday is because I get off at 2pm
What went wrong !
Great day at the beach. Is this really November in New England?
NEW! The Science of Twitter: State of the Twittersphere Meets Sales 2
omg i know we do!
Running a 5k in Des Moines this morning.
Holla! RT: : #nosmartphoneguy gets another shout out from at
Inside all of us, there is a wild thing. #WhereTheWildThingsAre <3
salt lick. that is all.
RT : .....Not funny... guess u cant b #myfuturehusband- itz a process I gotta Noe I gotta chance 1st ;)
thanks! wrangler can support > 500k rows with script export. lemme know if you have any issues. im happy to help
They came to my client even before I could contact them LOL and yes they were from Brothers which is a Double Eagle extension
So who wants to bring this birthday girl some lunch? Hm ??
Has anyone else ever been this nervous w/a 3-0 lead?
Relaxed now. Asleep later?
Today is the four-year anniversary of my dad's death. I can't believe so much time has passed. My heart has healed, but I still miss him.
I am beginning to create a success pattern now
*last year haha
She is my number 1, i'm addicted its a LAW DRUG lmao
he got it
The movie Jack Squad was released today, ran to the stores to take pics and in every blockbuster the movie was rented out! Good Sign
you should request "Daylight" on your local radio station! let us know if we can find request info for YOUR station.
Karma karma I love u ...u always have my back
Rise & Grind.
Time to close up shop and wrap some presents!
RT : Who says Twitter isn't educational? I just learned that today is National Popcorn Day.
Ushered last night for free tix to CoSpgs Fine Arts Center performance: Oh Gershwin, I'm Crazy for You!
Text me ure # phone wiped
as old as I am, I still like getting tucked in at night :)
Hi There. Thanks for the RT :)
I seen the 3rd teaser of boyfriend! Oml that was hawt.
just gotta make free throws down the stretch
Sitting here and watching Bravo. Andy is too funny
LMAO Josh Smith really just shot that????
ugh...a Bansky reference!? Really?! #Bandwagoneer #HipsterMobile (I made these hashtags just for you)
an um your support isnt needed. lmao
Wish I could torn the *click* sound off on my camera , lbs
I am <U+30C4>
Uh your a god...is that really you??
Nothing like changing the starter on your car in the McDonald's parking lot.
hahahhaha go run ur car off a cliff
Daylight Savings Time and OGT week? Might be a long one...
Weights at 1:30 then done for the day
#first40songsonshuffle #6 The World of your Body (repride) - Spring Awakening
that awkward moment when I'm still fangirling how I'm in this picture.
Want to learn about head and neck cancer? Join a Twitter chat today at 1PM EST hosted by and
your just the cutest!
I loved Julie and Julia!
I was unfamiliar with this bit of history myself!
Discovered cold fusion; eradicated ColdFusion.
Rangers / Tigers is gonna be one fuck of a series.
you guys look hot :)
& you looked SO good!! "That was divine."
awesome! Don't forget to invite some friends :)
Why are tumblr girls so perfect??
#mustfollow NEW MUSIC VIDEO & NEW MOJO TV CLIP UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!!! CH-CH-CHECK IT OUT! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Ladies quit acting like flirting with someone other than you is illegal. If it's not your man
Lmao Yes But Sheesh Thats A Very Apart Age
yea man you can stream at facebook.com/airwavesignite or buy it from iTunes for only $0.99!
Back in Dallas and must admit I wish I were still in BR. Way too short of a trip!
it's evident you are incapable of comprehending my level of uniqueness. Therefore, your argument is invalid.
The knicks not even playing smh they gave up it look like
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605>
It's tournament time. Anything can happen. Looking forward to it.
Pushed the button on the elevator with the tip of my umbrella.
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Kansas City! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
i LOVE the fact the 80s and 90s retro look is coming up. yes yes yes!
Busy weekend ahead! The Brew Dr. Kombucha wagon is rolling down to the Oregon Country Fair today & we'll also be @ the Mississippi St. Fair!
lol how can u not like it dude I think its awesome
#Highpointmarket Any of you Interior Designers, Please feel free to make an appointment with us if you would like to come stop by and see ou
Boy this is depressing looking at houses...
can some one tell me what to do
ok i followed > so do i tweet him
HEARTBROKEN! Absolutely devastating way to end the season :( Congrats on the win though
Welcome back to the ATX.
"In Global HR, all things are not equal." Tina Ragland. Virginia SHRM Conference
Thinking of doing my hair ombre .
My facial expression is still O_o
watching the movie The Wood reminds me what it was like growing up in the hood with my boys...
<U+201C>Most people are searching for a path to success that is both easy & certain. Most paths are neither.<U+201D> -- Seth Godin, Squidoo
When I die, so does hip hop -Emeniem
HAHAHA! Ohh Marc RT IM LOCKED IN THE BACKYARD. COME OPEN IT!!!!!!
I didn't think James Neal was gunna get suspended
its uploaded to my members page :) available for download only...
That was a business move for tickets. Felton hurt me more to me. He ran the team well. Did like Gallo too.
you can't use both.
If you like edm --> Spencer & Hill/Nadia Ali - Believe It (Cazzette remix)
Thanks for the RT! We're honored for Yehuda Bauer to speak about the #Holocaust today at
Britney Spears looks HORRIBLE nowadays
Watch the New Champions of YouTube!
I know i am. Unlike u. Oh BURN
all time favorite here haha
#3WordsForYou Back Off Me
That's great! I always forget of Jefferson and Lafayette square. Any indoor spaces you'd recommend as a backup?
Sell Privately? Or Use a Real Estate Agent? Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home. When you sit down and consi
Yes, that's why I never run on a treadmill :) I'm outdoors, rain, shine, snow, hail, bring it :)
Set's going up & actors are rehearsing on all cylinders. It's all coming together. Who's gonna be there? 4 shows only.
Kol HaOt looks forward to greeting "Camp Micah" teens tomorrow at our "Mentschmaker, Mentschmaker, Make Me a Mentsch" program.
Ron Carle from ICMA: Relationships and integrity are the most important elements for successful local govt leadership
My whole back is red <U+0001F628>
The Play of the Game: Michigan State's miraculous Hail Mary vs. Wisconsin OR Albert Pujols 3 home runs?
Baxter and I are single
Goddamn I like working with google maps. The v3 api is SO GOOD.
Watched soccer match with one other guy at large Pittsburgh sports bar -- announcer said 650 million other people were watching it
hey jasmine thanks for following US!! see you soon :)
- you're having one of those nights too?
Why no one understands government jargon. Fire chief: <U+201C>Wild land urban interface.<U+201D> Translation: Homes near brush that can catch fire.
Interesting story on NBC's new Rock Center. Birth tourism...Expectant mothers have babies in US to ensure baby's citizenship, benefits, etc.
hi! Do u have #Bechets ?
Humanist speaks out as Christians urged to wear cross - BBC News
At Murphy's Pub
BitchYou wasn't with me making noodles in the kitchen! *n my ross vc*
Hmm, I feel like there's just something different about you..
nice profile, i like YOUR longboard!
@ Abq. City council meeting
Yesterday it was sunny & 65 - today it is snowing! At least I have a hot chai.
I'm talking about you tweeting about a camping shelter made of recycled crap!!
And it was a girl xD lmfao! So me and my bro started laughing histerically!!.
lol I'm good
Waddup let's go...
Cobb County woman wins Jeep playing Georgia Lottery
Why they keep trying to try the bears
Good nite sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite!
so pretty disappointed my 18th b-day is almost over and no tweet or RT from
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.(:4
Tim Tebow and Katy Perry? Say what!!!!
Happy birthday Octavia Butler! The science fiction African-American author was born today in 1957, in Pasadena, CA.
": When I get older, I want to be like Louis.I want to still have an incredible sense of humour and be forever young inside."
I've "known" Josh on twitter for a while i suppose. Besides you, he's the only other Phish fanatic i follow
I hate when guys call a girl hot or sexy, that's what you call a slut not the BEAUTIFUL women you're in love with.
Bet my ducks peepin away missin his pops..
Doing a mental refresh! ;)
Congrats Class of 2012! "Those who...hope in the Lord...will soar on wings like eagles" Is 40:31 Just don't trip on stage!
Riding the bus home<<<<
You are SO right!
OK, thanks :)
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!
yes.. she dont care if they are there or not apparently.. that bottle comes first
nice, I think I have my friends convinced to do NYE in
Thank you, Joel! -Kevin
Did you know? March is Music in our Schools Month! Follow for fun music education info and trivia.
Following #civilunions news as I get ready for tonight's #Evicted story.
It's delightful when work luncheons feature delicious vegetarian food, thanks, work peeps. Also, desserts, omg sugar crash, here I come.
You're a nice lady!
A no hitter in the cape wont even make the globe, but the right girl, thatll last you forever.
Ignorance is a gifted talent... U can't teach that shit
30 cases of free beer at the Silicon Alley Talent Fair! #SATF Get excited at the after party! #skejidea via
Blood Drive is scheduled for June 21 from 3:00 - 6:00 at AMLI 535! Please email to reserve your spot. Thanks for helping!
YES. #thatswhatimtalkingabout! Next time I'm in town, wanna get some sushi there with me? #illtakeoffmymask :)
That is an awesome place to work! You are lucky!
Is Latin hard?? ;s I'm taking it next year.
. in the interest of full disclosure, how much is "a small amount of consulting" for Pearson?
I'm making my way there now ahaha.
i think I'm going to bed .. I'll tweet you tomorrow (:
Planning a Bridal Shower, Baby Shower, Birthday Party, or Anniversary Celebration... Look no further call 1(857)203-1690, let me help you.
EURO AS FUCK
As a Dodger fan, Gibson's '88 World Series home run is my all-time baseball moment. But what the Cards did tonight is way up there.
Winners hate losing, but are willing to lose in order to get better. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
Day 2 of putting the final touches on our art for peace curriculum. This thing is a beautiful work if art!
Life is all about ass. Laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, trying to get a piece of it, or simply just being one :)
will do
haha tell your friend I said hi :P lol and I'm at my cousin's house :/ lol
thanks for the follow and the RT!
Setting up a special mtg w/ interested board mems. Other SFL #event profs interested, join us:
dick mouth
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN not Selena, Miley is REAL TALENT, selena is a product created by POPULARITY lml
#Watching The Steve Wilkos show
The amount of times you say you hate drama is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it.
Do not ask God to guide your footprints if you're not willing to move your feet
Mar 22,1942: Harvey diary: "There is appearing a dangerous rift in Anglo-American relations over Russia."
Not sure if the attractive girl with the AR-15 tattoo across her whole back says "I'm bad ass" or "I may kill you"
Go Cards!
The next time you take a look @ urself remember; u are made beautifully & perfectly n Gods image!!!
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because lets have sex.
the only god thing about today is the weather.
Oh my gosh summer needs to hurry up!
personalized learning is making waves 4 sure. U should look at what's happening w/ ePortfolios and self-directed learning.
Watch! New clip from my show #HaveYouSeenThisGirl at
SNF, you get the same patients over and over and over. Medicare is getting tight also
To say #Boston's true colors include racism is a 40 y.o. notion thats been debunked countless times. should retract the story.
thank you!
Overdubs are happening today in the studio! So excited for #CFNi38!
RT : How the f*ck you protect your tweets but not your p*ssy ?
"Take this world, and give me Jesus"
Ticket King Milwaukee is happy to announce that we have been a B accredited business since 1997. Check out before you buy!
: Thanks for the RT!
Do you have a URL for your presentation materials? Congrats that it went so well, so you and D. Padgett.
No problem :D
If your paper's certified, you know the new fibers in it are from forests responsibly managed. #sandiego SOS Printing is FSC certified
North Carolina: Where u can marry ur cousin, just not ur gay cousin
thanks for the follow! We're big fans of On Course.
"vanessa, you ohkay? need to go to the nurse??" heres me : " #ROFLcatz " #boom <U+E404><U+E412><U+E012><U+E213><U+E24C><U+E232>
hety everyone, howve u all been, sry i havent been on, things have been crazy so i havent had time:/
#feedthefish awesome job Lisa and lee
i thought that tweet was a joke about the car commercial until i saw your next tweet. twitter is great
Why does buds and blossoms have to be so far
Being 39 has changed my relationship with makeup and vastly increased the amount of time I spend thinking about my facial hair.
After this school year I think I deserve the award for waking up late.
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Got my bottle of lube and checked my dignity at the door...bio 285, lets get this over with.
can't wait untill bball season starts I know that you will have a great team welcome home
Loving, Fighting, Cuddling, Screaming, Whispers at night, Running Away, Hugging Tight, My Bestfriend, My Love.. My Everything
waiting for my slurpee
I'm single
A pink sunrise this morning. Magnificent.
10% OFF meal w/ drink purchase at Po Boys! Only w/ a
I think one of the local PG Co libraries has a local history room, a good place to start for
what's up man? Still touring with curren$y?
Can't sleep!
#mla12 #s442 Houser linking dataviz project to Blood Meridian by way of description as mastery
Ewww country music and unfitted jeans
Looking forward to seeing it in AZ.. will the obnoxious blonde comedian get hers finally..?
2 weeks of class left.. I can do this.
Hi Lynda! Thank you! I'm having a great weekend! I hope you are as well!
Opening Day is here! Root, root, root for the home team - Go #Reds!
Rocking out to Talking Heads with my new Thai cousins....Priceless!
Clippers got lucky.
This new pretty little liars is very addicting!!
RT : #SOCIALMEDIATIP Share VALUE packed content that is so helpful that people want to share it! You should always lead with this!
injustice, it's ridiculous in America
Oh, *elbows * I like him.
In a philosophical sense of course. Change comes not from ideas, but ideas come from change.
All I saw out of the corner of my eye was "I want to prevent orphans."
CeeLo is strangely low-key for being in such a weird Rick James-meets-James Brown outfit.
What is big hairy and can fly ?King Kongcorde !
Not sure what I would do without your tweets... not to mention your IRC gold.
ME TOO. Even more so when they're staff.
Up 11-0 already, no biggie.
So my lunch opened in my gym bag and spilled all over my work clothes. Balsamic vinegar everywhere!
Mitt says, "yeah, I like to fire people but PinkSlipRick? The name says it all!
The amazingly talented Kyle Morgan will be playing here tonight ! A cold drink on this muggy day & a great band? Sounds like a night to me!
lol you see you put "eff" and not the actually word though
I think suicide hotline operators should encourage callers 2 rob a bank instead. Every1 wishes they could, & it would be a good distraction
Thanks we'll definitely check it out.
History, Archaeology, and Enviro edu signage installed at Maximo Park in St Pete! BIG thanks to City of St Pete Parks Dept.
Neal!!! Just realized I wrote the name wrong...oops! I was watching YOUR show! I'm addicted. Keep up the great work!
I have a life, it's probably about time you realize this & get back to finding your "life", instead of implying that i don't .
Congrats brother!!! Im starting a music inspired children's line. Would LOVE to collab with you! It will be a blast!
Dear regulators please read the research/studies on fraud from IFP, AICPA, IIA, FEI, NACD, CAQ, etc. Thanks for the new business!
Very welcome. We are not with Art Basel per se but we are included in all of their maps, info & our show is at the same time.
Hope everyone has had a Mahvelous weekend!
Lmao finally got my legit cd of drake take care :DD!!
Many kids with ADD/ ADHD respond well to touch in the form of hugs, kisses, and close physical contact.
Learning how to shoot a gun tomorrow;)
I can feel #Friday and it makes me wanna dance even if it's with myself
Hoping the weather cooperates for a long run this weekend
SUP BEACHES!
maybe not what
And its beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart
Nashville here we come!!
Hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch... Thanks NKC! I had a great time visiting with my colleagues. We should do that more often.
I drank a monster around 4.. So I think it's in me too
& it makes my day to open my acct to see more ppl added SKID OUT & to their 'to-read' shelf. It's yummy, do it!
hey Pres what do you think of boneless skinless chicken thighs??
We would be delighted to send you some! Please send your address to Catherine Shawki at
its unlisted! haha
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
There's more than one way to Be A Voice for an abused or neglected child in need: www.voices4.org.
can I get a follow back please? :)
why is my dad talking about politics does he realize I don't care or know what he's saying
I'll be keeping an eye on both for sure. Thanks!
The Happiest of Birthdays to the Very Talented and Beautiful Lauren !
what disagreements? :)
if only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desperately <U+2665><U+266A><U+266B>
they're choosing random winners. they aren't choosing based off of looks.... I'm so mad.
I lied apparently I can write pop!!! #doesitmatterifidontunderstandit not kidding I'm trying to find the songs meaning
like with most ghost stories, the Exorcist had me bored within 5 minutes...
In Dallas
Luv will make u do sum crazy things!
oh! Can't wait to hear all about it!
first he didn't, 2nd could have went either way and 3rd he didn't do enough with his take down.
Never heard of it! What type of food is it? RT : First stop: Ricobenes. Always.
The delivery guy just made me come down to the lobby to sign for my pizza. Isn't that punishable by death during the Super Bowl?
"If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to." - Dorothy Parker
#visionconf inspirational words "ecoligical issues are global issues"
if you're 0-4, I think you forfeit the right to call anything a swindle.
Sigh. It's too bad I can't get paid for knowing stupid things, like all Six of Charlie's Angels by actress, character, & city of origin...
The stars r beautiful out in the open road... Where all i think about is you my one true love...
you gave me my wish, of following me<3 imma true mahomie! *mahomies gonna love* wow, youre amazing(: RT/Tweet me back(;
These new people do not know the ropes that well and they will jump at anything
Just because a relationship ends, doesnt mean 2 people have stopped loving each other. They just stopped hurting each other.
Receive 16 units of FREE Botox when purchasing 1 syringe of Juvederm
seeking a recruiter and an Account Mgr for a staffing/recruiting company in Dublin OH. Resumes to
This just in - to give keynote address on January 20th at 4pm. The event is free and open to the public.
RIP Beana, I love u soo much. say hi to my daddy for me =[
okay just wanted to know i told mom to pick me up early lmao
Andrew- J Men's dress shirt at www.leodys.com
:o! wow lucky! haha
20 seconds for Oregon. They can run 12 plays
Caramel frape and mcdonalds fries... I'm in heaven <3
Off to #Charlotte airport for trip to #Germany. Hopefully last audit so I can have normal life again. 3 wks until south end w !
#FF MY #BESTE #AMAZING #RELIABLE #FUNNY #CARING #BESTMAMA #STRONG #BEAUTIFUL She is the absolute BEST
wishing the rain would go away so i can go for a ride again. went yesterday...awh the open road!!
I think that's the first time I've heard that
Hello! Arts community in AZ is IMPRESSIVE.
Now he's playing Norwegian Wood. What a great chord progression, that minor turn on the verses...
Holy shit, summer vacation starts in less than two weeks. It just hit me. <U+0001F633>
I brought the whole candy trolly on the #HogwartsExpress today. Sorry students.
At the end of the day today, La Laterna closes it's doors forever. They are sweet people who make delicious food.
Hi! Keep forgetting about Twitter what with the coming up. RT *waves*
Don't worry. Chicken broth is America's miso soup.
u are more than welcome. Thank you for this great music!
I need to plant asparagus.
The Brewers and Nats!!, and the O's Travel to to the Twin City to take on the Twins!
Lol, I remember the song perfectly!
How does this baby put up with your whining?
interactive galleries, artist sign up free for 30 days and upload your artwork. w.zanbeelart.com
I am going to Hollywood this summer!!
Have a buddy that has one ticket left in section 141. Ticket is $300.
that sauce was damn decent.
follow me please<3
spent my weekend in westchester with regina, we got some awesome creative furniture for our new apartment!
yeah I thought about that challenge but I don't want to die from it
Hey pigeons the rock and Cena going lose tonight
you're so sweet & thoughtful <3 :)
keep voting #FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA they deserved it for all there hard work n cuz there awesome ?
Something just hit me. What am I supposed to do with my life when there will no longer be shows to attend w/ ?
oh yes were crushing brew ha's brew ha's brew ha's
Check your credit at least once a year -- every six months, if possible.Never use your personal identification number, or PIN, in public.
Getting ready to see Rude Mechs' The Method Gun tonight -- !
The 311 show rocked faces last night - now it's our turn _ TONIGHT! @ the VOUS! Dsoedean! see you there.
HEY!!!!! i just mentioned them. not by name, but.. hey can you get him a clip? any chance??
Fantastic meeting you last night at TAN! I'm inspired!
he will b4 the CAVS that's 4sho
She said it makes me so sad I gotta leave you alone
Jealous RT: Can't wait to hear speak at the #UMNGraduation today!
#pinterest ladies night out w fashion show, food, jewelry and design, and craft demos. Live pinning by plus music
Quinn's not really lying! It's not like she's gonna dance a jig!
follow back? I was listing you and accidentally blocked you lol :P
will be at g-man at 5. my friend bustamante also coming.
low blow kyle.
Thank you!
Its early goin back to sleep
107 people showed up for office opening in Jefferson last night!
okay I definitely will.. Saturday lunch might work best for me.. But I'll let y'all know closer to time.
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script
id rather run. Hahaa
Am I the only one who thinks wedges look ridiculous?
#bover will be opening their #lighting showroom in #newyork in #september2012. we wish you the best!
Follow , , , , and for all #wifilmfest coverage this wknd!
Clippers work them.boys
The newest national poll is out. It's FOX - and FOX has Obama PLUS SEVEN!!! Ouch.....!
May or may not have just photo bombed ESPN with
blowing the snow. Hate the cold kickback
Come to in Dallas at 7 PM to hear Singer/Songwriter on Dec. 19th! You won't be sorry!
<U+00AB> #Libra has a big need for variety. That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.<U+00BB>
Do I hear wedding bells? Newbury has BRAND NEW Red Velvet Wedding Cake flavor in honor of co-owner Matt Wallace who ties the knot next week!
Having my first rose of the "summer" season at
alright well maybe I will one day, how hard can it be?
That moment when you and your friend stare at your crushes after school :)
that awkward moment when has never favorited anything.... :/
I need a punching bag, ASAP. <U+0001F621><U+0001F44A>
*hugs* Beaming strength and courage northward.
Gracias! It's for a report.
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!
since when?
why would you buy the same pair? now we're gonna look stupid.
I hadn't heard but I am not surprised. I would love to pick the tea persons brain but first I need to understand the basic.
Thinking about joining Valor, how bout ya'll?
haha very nice. But how exciting!!! Party it up :)
Great bites and beer , now off to drink #Burgundy!
The best people are the better friends
thanks for the plug!!
You Gotta Act Like A <U+0001F483> And Think Like A <U+0001F6B6>!!!
Any word on the sale of the Elks' building?
I'm awake
Im watching that too!! :) hahahaha
Ugh, says he not qualified to speak on death penalty issues huh? I'm sure he's a marriage law scholar though.
is always fun
Why the hell can people not comprehend the proper use of 'there,' 'they're,' and 'their.' omfg.
Let's get literate Kentucky 'K' always comes before 'U' -
nice! Getting it done! Day 45 of Insanity for me.
Netscape's original business plan was to sell a web browser for $65 to every person. Wonder why that failed?
#fringe better than x files. Sorry
Jay, you need to wake up now. It's only a bad dream. Jay? Jay? Wake up Jay!
Do some work lol : Has society poison us to believe light or exotic are the only beautiful ladies?
I need a twitter best friend :/
Beast mode! Great win by the Crew
Heard biking is terrible in Austin, can anyone confirm or deny this?
Much needed day with my best friend to get my mind off of things. Now it's time to fix this and move forward.
Just got puked on, no big deal
now off to semi-counterproductive dinner at Freebirds!
You haha RT : Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now. Lets Go!
Did you have anything in particular that you wanted to collab on?
LOL. PM is from my company, he's good, but on jury duty. The PGM MGR is from our prime. My 2 year old is easier to manage than him
Lauryn Hill is bringing me to tears on 's Mothers Day set on Street Sounds.
They are gorgeous flowers. Love the colors. Congrats!
i bet you'll be eating these words in 24 hours :--)
When you fine men and women get 80 senators on board I'll buy you all a ham sandwich.
done with school. for a month. time to be reclusive and read neitzsche in my room.
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required Purchase-Cash-Out Commercial or Residential Investment Milton A. Zaiontz I 210-744-3030
Alan Belcher Woo!!!!
Unbelievable - these are not my Cats! Get in the game and shut down these thugs
all is forgiven. did you bring pie?
2: takes 10 days to process 90day Rx request when I have less than 10 days left yet I'll be charged double if I don't switch to 90day.
Hey you! Yes you, the one reading this tweet. No one can replace that amazing smile or laugh or yours. :)
Thanks for following! Hows your week going?!
we are in dallas @ the prophet
Let's go Coyotes!
ha yeah only a short time longer before I can stop using it as a cover ;-)
yah I thought you died?
A win with Michigan State to go 13-10 for the week, and 38-22 for March...Let the Madness begin!! BTW bitching about tourney seeds are lame!
iSteve great presentation to Digital collective , would love to talk about social media analytical and Appstore
wait aren't you from North Bergen ?
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Costco - VICODIN -
dong quai & vitex, man. after 13 years, i'm finally an easy rider on the crimson wave.
Lunch is served and the patio is open. Enjoy the Spring. Special today is a Monteray turkey sandwich. AYCE tacos start @ 5pm. $4.95
Picture perfect day in Chicago....Love it!!
glad you joined in! Look forward to learning with u in the future.
IT'S MONDAY. TIME TO DITCH SOME BITCHES!
do you know anything about yesterday's hatch act training? it didn't work for me. rescheduled?
RT : "I don't know if I want to be in a movie at 2 AM with people who enjoy watching kids kill each other." -
"Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws" I know its a double negative...but go with the damn lyrics...haha
Busy day today. Guey. Mixtape drops June 4th shouts to DJ Rapid Ric!
have been to- the 1 in Birmingham and 3 in London, the last one in London to come still for me, Possibly Sheffield and Maybe
drop your phone like its hot ! 3x sun drop show us how u drop!
RT - Who would have thought SF Giants & Cleveland Indians would be so popular BART train is standing room only before La...
Young players look at the coach in the eye. Make sure you know whats going on.
Wow we would get suspended :b
I love Cameron Diaz she is so funny on I so want to see
Goal of the Day: You've cleaned up your Super Bowl party, now hit the gym or go for a run to offset the chips, dip and pigs-in-the-blanket!
Look forward to receiving award tomorrow night along with all of the other award winners. Wally,Mo,Adam,Ed and many others
That was a fun track meet with lmao
that is so 1999
Malaysia wins the best food category so far. :)
hey me again..since ur done taking a piss can u give me shoutout or something so my friend will believe u replied my tweets
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
RIP #AdamYauch of the Beastie Boys
Can't wait 2c this weekend, I love Cameron Diaz:)
Greys's Anatomy!!!
Research and Markets: Power Wheelchair Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
Games are #1 way that museums are engaging visitors socially. C.f. online survey
Batting cages with and Shane mudd
you should do a review on us! :)
In the garage?
I just started a new Facebook page. I plan to populate it with ideas and conversations about change. I'd appreciate it if you'd visit it an<U+2026>
If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it
I hope that we can beat them to it, not literally, but figuratively, I think that you know what I meant.
No kidding! So sad, but all good things must come to an end right?
Fill in the blank: The key to keeping a New Year<U+2019>s resolution is ______.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithSwag The Swag Games.
Idk but everyone's talking about #kony2012 don't even know who he is
Zechariah 7:10 "Do not oppress the widow or the fatherless, the alien or the poor. In your hearts do not think evil of eath other."
Congratulations Giants! Hell of a
Hey it was nice meeting you yesterday and you totally have a twin in Chicago.
I'll trade ya.
Worst things that can happen a day before the first game tomarrow! Roll off my bed Fall out a big tree Step on a tack -_-
Looking for a romantic spot for to take your Valentine? Try Dobson's. We suggest you start with the mussel bisque under puff pastry.
Man, there are a LOT of bitchy, whiny, crying-like-a-baby #Vandy fans on twitter tonight. Sorry bitches...you'll never be UK!
When Dave let's you get subway for dinner cause he realizes we have no food >>
That's what's up..let me know. Maybe I can sit in and learn a few things lol
thank you
Normally the sign of an average team.
#QuoteOfTheNight "Juicy! Don't get pregnant! Cause you know why? You're gonna get bored, drink Jameson, and watch American Idol!" LoL!
thanks for ignoring me butthead
We are sorry for any inconvenience. We will pass your comment along to our programmers. Thank you for your patience!
**blazed&amazed**
I got you!
Not feeling too well :/
Not sure how there could be a horrible or hilarious photo of you online, cause you ladies are beautiful ;)
We're New England's most affordable private college (US DoE, 2011), and we're 100% online! ...
You little slore, I hope your better half sees that.
Roll up that good shyt & put it in the air *.
Dont judge me
if this bitch doesnt shut the fuck up #knockout #shhh #help #stilltalkingggggggg :s
.: Whole family loves Frog & Toad. And all the Ramona books prompted conversations about real life.
What happened at practice?
Walk! #Yankees now down 4-2.
Thank you!
<U+201C> Are you a product of your environment? Or is your environment a product of you?<U+201D>
This celtics sixers game is getting intense.
I'm really starting.to despise the Thieves Guild. It's not horrible but it's he same jobs over and over for 4 special jobs.
So excited for tonight! RT : Live tweet at the Capital Food Fight, use #foodfight as the hashtag.
What can u do? Ask ques., offer to help find resources, get other friends/family involved. Don't hesitate to call 911 if life is in danger.
Is Pedro on deck????
lol exactly? Something about that quite gas to be wrong. Or my weed is weird. Can't be my weed. It's awesome.
5 more minutes till freedom & beginning my 3-day weekend!
Cooking channel : great programing for fun and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS alton brown
Sick of feeling this way. And I'm so tired of being "nice". Putting both feet down.
Getting ready to launch our first video for the #ProSkidRow campaign! Get ready!
that is so gee aye why. I love it
Have u written anything regards 2 the right's petty desire 2 hide behind the founders + John Locke? I'm int in u'r take!
I've been very fortunate 2 have some of the best players in the game. ~ Sir A Furgeson
There's no time like the present to prepare for the future, so get right with God before it's too late!
bro look up 100 Hunnit by Wale and Meek Millz. I feel a Cloud 9 mix coming soon.
Great idea I will have to do that.
Good Morning Tweople! What are you doing for your business today?
haha. You are so angry(:
Biggest debate in our cart: which ball game we listen to. Mariners or Giants?
My stomach is growling. <U+0001F623>
My fave quote of last night at #innovateboston was by :"We are making a Communication Revolution & making into a verb"
With Cougar Town I drink wine. With Revenge, it's whiskey.
It's a beautiful Evening. Come on OUT, get a latte to warm you up. Make sure you take advantage of our 25% OFF Moving Sale.GREAT Gift Ideas!
SAT word of the day: calumny (n.) an attempt to spoil someone else<U+2019>s reputation by spreading lies
starting with yourself-- you can reshape anyone! ~RTN
Cool!! I was wondering what you were going to do w/ that long QA!
Debating if I should go to Pigeon Forge this weekend to see Family & go to DollyWood. Hmm....
That's how I roll. No, that's how I rauhl.
Watched Serenity again last night....... Really great, but makes me miss Firefly.
I haven't talked to in a day and a half... This is wierd
#johnsutcliffe its embarrassing watching him
New jazz project in the works....
"The 3 great essentials to ACHIEVE ANYTHING WORTH WHILE are 1st HARD WORK, 2nd STICK-TO-ITIVENESS, 3rd COMMON SENSE." ~Thomas Edison #TGIF <U+2600>
I've read one chapter and I'm already terrified by the book club book, Good News Club by Katherine Stewart.
US House of Representatives shamefully passes #CISPA draconian anti-Internet freedom bill to spy on Americans #surveillance Obama must VETO!
hell yea man..hope ya grabbed some free music
Retweet if your looking for a valentine!
Congrats on being a winner of the 2011 Mayor's Business Recognition Awards for outstanding community service!
still hard to believe he disclosed financial info as cfo of a public company. not smart.
You ain't gotta like Kobe but you gone respect his game
Online Information Session for Prospective Students. Wednesday, Sept. 28, 12am-1pm. RSVP to .
yeah I love all the old Wizards stuff. haven't fully bought into the new brand. I'm always keeping my eyes peeled for old merch
Counting the minutes
#milwaukee Lets enjoy this winter together. Gain knowledge on cabinets, doors, windows, moulding, plumbing, electrical, power tools & more!
Gourm<U+00E9> Mist, a healthy and delicious topping to Arugula Salad with Pomegranate and Toasted Pecans! Now at a Whole Foods Store near you.
Finished all my homework, and stuff. #Showerhour c.,
You know there's no Whataburgers in Miami right ? just saying... ;P
yeah, right
Inspired by some art at Craft & Folk Art Museum and by the magic of cowbird.
#SomeoneWhoCan let me just be myself
Just finished reading The Girl Who Played With Fire. So satisfying!
Need a hotel in San Fran tonight? Hilton Financial $159, Holiday Inn Civic $99,Hyatt Regency $179 Call 877 551 6633 to reserve
What do women want most? Good sex or clean fun?
Yes, they have since forever. (: I want to reply a lot, but I never have the chance!
froze his ah
dude, ur schtuff just keeps getting better. What r u smokin to come up w/such genius lyrical musings?
Hey:) if you like metal you should give us a listen! Thanks! reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
The blog poem I just wrote has elements of your little three word poem.
It's st Patrick's Day... Where drank at lol
Blaine, and his BROTHER on Glee singing Somebody That I Used To Know??? BEST episode ever.
Shut the hell up ppl!
RT : One of the reasons I tend to let my beard grow in is that going after my facial hair is like trying to shave Brundlefly.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Ask me about my "Music Connection" business as well as my "house concert series" would love to tell you more.
My mom lectures so much.
where u going? I'm flying too <U+2708><U+2708>
So far Spring break is boring. -_-
I can't keep a straight face when someone tweets about penguins...
It's free.
cold. Nashville sounds good right now
RT : Thanks for attending and for all your SoFab efforts!
. Thanks, Jim! So pleased to have your support.
New on Blu-ray/DVD combo: "Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood-The Sacred Star of Milos Movie" (4-24) New on DVD only: "Iron Man Anime" (4-24)
dont listen too the lies there all lies
You're welcome! Happy to follow!
I love you too!
G'mornin ladies Enjoy ur day and have a blessed weekend. Xo :)
Love LOVE LOVe my #BlackKnights and #LadyKnights! We aren't done yet! Let get this WIN tomorrow night and then get OVERALL next week!!!
TWEET ME IF U WANNA BE IN SELENA'S BIRTHDAY VIDEO! PLEASE.
I always wanted to get up and leave the classroom when the teacher says "Those who refuse to attend the class , they can go away from here."
Win or lose, we still booze!
us & ur biggest fan all he do is talk about ur rhymes fam ! lol
RT : MGK is salty about Coachella. Lol - u would b to if u deserved to b there
Lots of crazies in #Vegas libraries!
Imagine if the Gestapo had Google. Now stop imagining. It does.
I don't like seeing Mahomies fighting And calling Eachother names, We are a family . & in the end we are all here supporting Austin -Ally
say wha??? you need an assistant for this trek right? :P
I'M SO GOIN FOR MIAMI HEAT HOPE THEY WINN TONITE
I've been looking for employment next semester -- would love to teach, but grad classes will be taught by less experienced teachers -- but..
Great day for MN! MT : Always good to have friends in Florida. Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate.
Can someone explain to me how my kids manage to make crumbs out of applesauce and yogurt? No matter what they eat there is a pile of crumbs
A and B
follow me.. Pls. Im a Big Fan.
Now That I Am Older My knees buckle and my belt won't.
Hit a damn shot lebron
..Seriously considering haircuts and haircolor now. After the kittens get healthy.
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop Bar at Bottom of Peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breckenridge! Come get a beer after shreddin Starts at 2;30pm
I'm so mad. My Friend got Vlados. The grey and pink ones. So jealous.
At work wishin I could go home n get n my bed
u haven't been giving me hugs, r u mad at me :(((( I hope not!!!!!! Luv ya
yeah. tickets on sale Monday.
Academic book on cultural subversion written in dense academicese = fail.
what u been up to.? Long time no see
if bowlen's here...money is the discussion
playing baseball with no effort or passion is a crime. The Red Sox are guilty.
What is there to hate?
I'll watch Attack The Block now
RT : Hey what's the location of tonight's event? > 9-11 Crawford St. Suite 8
Tonight was such an amazing night! I met jaja, and emilio! Love the choreos! It was really chalenging! :D
Long day with but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. We kicked butt with that project!
word to YOUR momma, homie. Will check it out.
((((Holy Spirit Hugs to everyone)))) I <3 You!
If you're using the #MagicTan today, STAY DRY!! We don't want any streaky lookin' costumes ;)
In NYC. Hit by a taxi cab. I pitched a story about a scam targeting grandmothers using their grandchildren's Facebook info. Got a victim.
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. - Henry Ward Beecher
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a photo from the Philharmonithon this past Thursday- our wearin' o' the green costume contest.
Equinox Executive Director Ann Tartre will be speaking about our 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard on KPBS in just a few minutes.
I refuse to be a consumer anymore ... oh look, shiny!
What he said...
Definitely letter. Elevators too!
Watching my favorite movie
yes but I'm only working with 140 characters man and I got 2 get the touring bands at least
Too cheap for iTunes? Save $$$- check me out on Pandora. Don't forget- Sun Jazz Session - 3/4 - Andys Jazz Club@ 9pm-$10
Glad to see you on Twitter! If u pick the right people to follow, u can learn a whole lot!
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. RIP gramps.
Watching the Majors&Minors Finale...I have the biggest crush on
Thx! for the follow.
In Woodbine's 8th tonight, I like #2 Bluegrass Bear at 3/1 or more.
thanks u dirty slut!<U+0001F60F><U+0001F618>
woo. speechless ;D.
Atlantic & Pacific Real Estate Named to 2012 REAL Trends 500
#keepyourpantson unless you're hot, then you can take em off all the time for me ;)
F--k the Huge ad on the front page + now you can only read 10 articles a month? Bad long term digital strategy. 100% not likable.
A new spider flower, without the ick factor
#ala11 Can't decide on first session tomorrow...RDA or automated acq
It's time for me to run too. Got to pack up some packages to mail tomorrow. Night everyone! :)
Started feeling good, then the nausea kicks in
": Some people lie so much. They start believing they own lies"....(lol thats tru)
I miss you too! :( come stay with me for a week! I have plenty to talk to you about
it was ok. Boring as usual. u?
thanks Jess! You launched me & I'll forever value that!
#ndpl slideshow widget allows libraries to create slideshow subject views into their content collections
How nice for Walker to have an over-nighter in Wisconsin for once
RT : obedience RT : college degree RT : Culinary skill RT : Fellas: Boy shorts or Thongs?
If we all could get along then we all could sing this song together <3 DL and JD
Hide n seek with girl friend during OKC Half time >
Good, tired, got in on a red eye this AM. Glad your hotel is so nice and artsy, peaceful. How are you? :)
ah ok thankyou(:
I think of a lot of shit when I'm bored
Excited to go!!!
I for Sure going to go Pic up Sum comic books
Don't have my phone, so don't call or text
It's better than 2yrs ago, when I got to 48K and realize THAT was where story started... ARGH! Not much I could reuse, either :P
I'm not a cool kid then D: I don't have cable at my mom's house, so I have to watch everything online
will do thanks for the tip
Small businesses can get free software (as an online service) to help them manage & organize biz bit.ly/lHOSGY
your twitter video is hilarious :)
awesome thanks! favorite one so far: "sloshed on sangria" :]
U funny babe *smooch*
Just pitched my first home brewing attempt. In ten days I might have my own hard cider!
I'm sorry! I gotta get rid of the place for good! Id greatly appreciate that! Im doin good workin at changs now.. You??
Worries linger about Nickelodeon&#39;s ratings slump
Please help attain the follower goals. Thank you.
baseball project building with Olivee <3
THAT FACE. NO. LMAO
Have you ever received a lighting fixture as a gift? What was it and where did you put it?
<U+201C>If you only do what you know you can do- you never do very much.<U+201D> Tom Krause
Splurged on dinner. Terrible service, so-so food. Doesn't happen often in this town. Too bad it had to tonight. G'night.
Thanks so much for helping out!
It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters. Some hunters shoot anything that moves.
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about a woman is your last name, your address & your view on men
Neurons+in+Bird+Brains+Encode+Earth%27s+Magnetic+Field%2C+Giving+Pigeons+Reliable+Internal+GPS
What I don't like about SNF, had to travel. I like one building. And RUGS
can't believe its still light out
Oh, there you are. Good morning, Twitter.
S/o to J Roc -- bday party was live #Top Shelf Tuesdays at Justins -- new spot!! Major G.A.U.G.E. said that !
RT : See you girls in 8 days!!< its a party, its a party, its a partaaaayyy!
Tim Wakefield announces his retirement today ending his 19-year career at age 45 with 200 wins
We've learned the trees outside our office can be very flexible when they need to be.
I respect #NewYorksFinest like most NYers. But I admit to #schadenfreude overhearing a cop complain about getting an offduty parking ticket.
Are you a #Spurs Fan? Join our NEW social network for Spurs Fans to earn points & cool prizes! #GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com/signup
Don't know how many I followed but um hope it was you! If not just ask :)
bull you just try to out do me don't you?
you knew that! Text me!
#techraking Driving down to MV soon. If you need a ride, LMK
Sorry for the delay but like you said...gangbusters. The last 5 days have been absolutely insane! No complaints here
Today we remember my moms boo n our Legend Bob Marley...
from Me
#NW myth busters
this customer is a total bia. -_-
Fuck Love not Lust.
Was a very good time - tell you more soon
Is bitchez really beef'n on twitter I thought they stopped that on facebook
I would love some enchiladas today....
I would to thank David Sanborn for his live "Straight to the Heart" album and powering me thru at work 2night. A fave of mine since 1986.
LA layover on my way to NOLA
i feel like im nothing
Hope you're smiling BIG today :)
of course!!
Hes the one i think is cute but actually my bias is Suho :D
Thanks! I really enjoy your research as well, (including your insightful comments on my blog!). By the way, congrats on your book
Not over tweeting on the markets here. Saving good stuff for the clients and friends. The Bear has arrived
I kinda wish it would just start pouring. I want to just lay in bed and read #TheHungerGames all day.
U ride for me , i have no choice but to ride for u .
THINKIN BOUT CHANGIN MY TWITTER TO Loverboi_VS_Me do you like
Kings don't swat flies the have fly swatters
I've got a first draft of that script for Death Proof around here somewhere a buddy from UTA gave me. Quentin is m'man
....and on the people he used in sweat shops to dazzle the world with his gadgets. Not worth it.
Every time you call my name I want to kill myself you're so annoying
#freesh1t hands down the best episode is with Chris in the patriotic wolves shirt with dungeon siege prizes!
The Party's at Stone Brewing Co. Greg Koch's Petco Park condo in May issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles.
don't think you're following me...so you should, and then tell everyone about ! this is my clothing company - Matt :)
24 October 2011: Happy UN Day! Also, greetings to the newborn who became the 7 billionth person this week.
How does this company manage to do any business? Their upload process is glacial! Not to mention confusing.
I really wish I could take off work for days as such... RT : Tomorrow is gonna be so insane, I'm scared already.
Got jammin' in my phones today. raping my ear puss, and in no way is that bad!
In #Gwinnett where Duluth city leaders decided to hold off on proposal to let ppl drink alcohol outdoors downtown. Details at 11...
Keep A few Bad Bitches In My Circle
Thats whats up! We got u Sunny! The Official Artist of
Just found you yesterday, Daryl Hall fan 30+yrs. EP 40 Todd Rundgren is my favorite thing I've ever experienced. Thanks & Aloha
I get that but too many out at home. RT : what do you think about contact play there? Prevents double play so.
Vegas hotel screwed up Tammy's reservation, so they gave her an awesome upgrade! How have you been upgraded? 619-570-1973
Hey everyone! Check me out on www.youtube.com KARISSA LYNN
Pressures on now... maybe I'll just have my fianc<U+00E9> pick out my clothes. Right Kyle?
Heartfelt congrats to Bill Schonely, earning the Naismith Hall of Fame Curt Gowdy Award. What a honor to work alongside this true gentleman.
Little giants is on! aka icebox
S/o to all 4,029 of my followers! Some of yall are weird as fuck but i love ya!
Another long night in the studio last night with Earl Jones and Keith Beatz
-- that was arguably the most painful program to watch last night. Painful..as in lame.
Red House tomorrow in Walnut Creek! Hometown show! Come out and hang! FUCK!
We are ready for you to visit our new FACEBOOK page! Check us out. Search for Nagel Middle School - Home of the Nighthawks.
okay and i'll tell you what my status was about last ngith x
Bad dream..
I was follower 20! Do I get a prize?
Just got into Hong Kong,,,Greetings, I`m so tall now : )
somewhere in the crowd
Now the correcting begins....starting off strong....
my brother thinks hes such a badass with his amps
That is pretty awesome
thank you!
to each his/her own. Personally - I just asked for less hours at a job that gave me 60 hour weeks and they laid me off entirely.
gasp! hadn't heard! when is it, doll?
One tip for first time car buyers ...if the car aint a quarter of one of ya paychecks..don't get it!
Ew...well thanks, um..for that.
I'll be leaving soon. Need to eat! Left tools for you, just ask the pretty ladies where they are.
Conrad is on his way to the airport as we tweet.
My little Everett was struck by a car backing out of its driveway. Just a few scrapes on his arms and legs. He had his Nutcase helmet on!
when you are at your lowest, look up!!! and when you are at your highest, take a second to look down!!
": I'm aware I'm a sarcastic bitch, but that's just my body's natural defense against lies, drama, and stupidity."
it is better! I hope you have a good day :))
#truth <U+201C> Someone told me being in the studio to much is unhealthy - smh -<U+201D> ... most people will never understand that feeling!
We have got tickets for all nationwide events - Contact us now by calling at: 888-493-0004
Holy moly, #BLACKOUT happy hour was AMAZING! Hope you guys don't have anything important to do at work today!
first move is this lift this stranger off of me. #iMustHavePassedOut. Haha. Tommie gunn groupies
Would you like to be featured in our "Signature Dish" series? Just give us a recipe and we'll spotlight you on our site!
RT : <U+201C>Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.<U+201D> <U+2013> Robert Brault
gifs of cats all day.
Today is a hard, hard day.
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
I don't either, I like BPA approach, but were Tannehill rumors and maybe even Weeden - like they had buyer's remorse on Flynn
But of course they would pass that charge on to the consumer. Now that 3D flopped they are looking for something new
-> RT A 65yo pres candidate who was cruel to a queer guy at 18 is one kind of scary. Hordes of people who think that's OK is another
over here at Houston it.came on at 7:30
And how did Joey 5 picks do in the CW? RT That makes Jacquizz 0-3 in Civil Wars. Still a future OSU legend?
: ) Thanks sis-in-law
so only value in holds leagues? thx!
Did you watch Devil Inside?!
I love our heart-to-hearts. Simply amazing.
Looking forward to Artist Open Studio in Houston today.
please touch on smart gun regulations and the presidential race! Kids died in a high school supertuesday
ya for real
RT : Love the picture just put up of Steve Jobs. RIP, Mr. Jobs.
I'm sure someone has already tweeted this but are all the hats at the #NFLDRAFT size Small? These guys are big!
WE HAVE a Empire now! Spend the war money on our people instead of war contractors ,all over the world.The poor bleed, the rich get richer.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 100.000 followers . Follow and he will get you uo ther instantly
I understand that rationale
When you hittin Denver?
bo! green bay won! ugh steelers r still better! lol it was a great game tho :)
rip that shit off
Housing is much more fun than I thought. Dancing can change your battle strategies ;D
That's what i mean! It was quite a shocker to see a line
good luck #vineyardvines with the #hingham #derbystreet opening, so excited for all of you!
<U+201C>: Did you know that the human body cannot make #omega-3 fats on its own? We must get them through food or #supplements.<U+201D>
Bout to eat :)
C'mon Kobe's ego... you know you should try better 2 establish Gasol & Bynum anyway... Prob would've done that if u weren't sick.
Yall are boring me -_- need more answers on the questions 2 entertain myself. lets do it this way,a S/O for anyone who answers the questions
I concur! Srsly needs to wake the place up next year - maybe Emma Stone hosts?
RT : "There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life." -- Frank Zappa <---Truth
Love God first & watch the pieces of your life fall right into place.
For my mom this morning I hugged her tight & sang to her saying "Happy Mother's Day to ya" then says "your hott get off of me" hahahaha lol
Oh my goodness, I found out early today that the legendary Nate Dogg just passed away yesterday. Words can't express me now!
Glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back soon!
I think your website is down :(
Its Hump Day people... Who's getting humped today??<U+0001F61C>
"Im sorry I broke one of your 'rules'."// "You pee'd in my sink, isnt that against everyones rules?!"
how can I help? DM me details
& they sweet !!
What happens when you mix a very white lab, a skunk & tomato juice? You get a "pinkalicious pooch"! Poor old fella how embarrassing
finale right now!! Curious to see how all this ends!
Nice ;-) RT : Having my own Ferris Bueller's Day Off today. Slept in. Cranked stereo. Sang in the shower. Now off to hit the town.
ESPN News - No. 1 Syracuse (20-1) upset by Notre Dame, 67-58; Murray State only remaining unbeaten team
I love you Kaylie!
Go Badgers! Muck Fichigan.
I'm a big fan of the cheese map!
Catching up on last week's episode of V.
at least you r not the one that sings from the top of your lungs pretending you're talking on the phone!
Watching #Emmys and eating a big bag of #funyuns, #goodlife :)
ahh! I'm Googling all over the place.
#ItsAmazingHow much I can't stand you.
I just ate a ridiculous amount of potatoes.
Nothing quite like a group email political debate to start the day! Democrats vs Republicans....and we are still great friends! :)
We have to go hard in Cormans. Boy scout this shit.
#thankyoubulls for a great season!
": watches grandpa Porn" i love me some wrinkly dicks
is delicious
goin on 59 south so I can look @ 2 cars in the morning ....change coming
Hail is attacking my face.
I pray that i can get a job soon so I can have some money to put away and to spend.
Sounds very similar to mine. cause you can use goat cheese, like you, instead of Boursin (a French herbed cream cheese).
nope I'm sayin let her jump...silly
Hope you like the new "BugyBops" #book!
U was on My page huh? Re-tweeting Shit!
I've avoided Twilight stuff on purpose. Maybe should pan this one as well.
THANK YOU! I've a fancy, two-monitor setup at work, and getting Excel to use more than one of 'em is painful.
That sucks. I would say you could use mine since I don't use it that much. I'll see if I can find something.
oooohhh...imagine the geeky possibilities!
It was very odd. All the special effects were Monty Python-esque animations.
Movies with my little bro(:
Everything is going good, looking forward to relaxing on the 4th. How's everything with you?
whats up with that when u goin in
Love seeing my Niners playing in our beautiful city.
I wanna punch every mofo in sight
DYK? Benjamin Chavis Muhammad- Organizer, Million Man March is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
haha, anytime, I'm a Chipotle addict!
text me
if u lookin for me nigga u know were to find me
The US has confounded capitalism w/ liberty. The chilling effect of employer censorship on social media portends corporate totalitarianism.
great to hear, knew you guys had to be in the mix!
My prom night was amazing !
i am so sad i missed you! can't wait to see your beautiful self! hope all is well! xoxoxo, sam
i hardly ever answer the house phone- its NOT for me n im not gonna get up to answer it n then try to remember the message
Gracias for el follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish
in LA gettin it in on the West Coast!! We going world wide....believe that!!! Just wrapped up the video shoot w/
Thanks for the info. #FB &
Ya for sure
You are an amazing role model! I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you! <333
alright. its settled.
I hate to sleep at night but rather I love to be fuck on hard
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Lola's Horchata 4.47 / 5 Stars | 196 Reviews by LOLA "A refreshing Mexican drink made with rice, milk, vanilla,
Thank you for being so kind! You're a beautiful and sweet Arianator! <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
stupid i added u Cuz I found Zoe k. LOL damn and I was logged on wit your stupid ass link.
Tune in to right now to hear and how are preparing for
You know this... Real talk": NO MATTER HOW THIS ENDS CLIPPERSFAN FOR LIFE#CLIPPERNATION"
Those are BTR DOLLS !!!!!
it burns super bad too !
Getting back in the gym tomorrow. Cant wait
Right?? RT : It makes me unbearably sad when publishing people say they don't read for pleasure at all.
At first I was like 'since when does she have a boyfriend?' then I read the last part and started laughing. :)
Yup, me too! Mayhew/Schwartz know what they are doing. :)
too bad I'm in Ohio right now
came across my wifes Bon Jovi stash on the ipod. Going on 6 years of marriage and it still confuses me
<U+201C>: Wade only had 5pts. <U+0001F633><U+0001F633><U+201D> he is stinking up the gym fa sho!!!
Citation and credit for treatments/descriptions rather than full article would make systematic biologists happy.
Late night in the office = Giordanos. So that's okay.
DNR live weekend starts tomorrow, I'm at at 6am PST. I must love you guys. Let's talk "WCF is easy now". Of course a little identity :)
Yay! Look forward to hearing from you.
i sent you my dtm letter. :)
We have Empanadas today! Chicken or cheese. Hope to see you for lunch.
All of those teams are in the same county. They are all ranked except JFK.
Live, Love. Forgive, Forget!
We're recording a new episode of the podcast tomorrow. Any suggestions for topics?
Just chillin at home(:
Oh we RT : Destination LAX...Time to CRANK it out!
is it your "last alert" party?
vertonghen is going to Spuds because he will be 1st choice, can't blame him, we you can for choosing Spuds haha
Well officially single! well now i can enjoy it!!! ha i wish lol 2 bad :'(
would it be awkward if I told you it feels weird not sleeping in your bed tonight?
Thanks for coming over last night! Bonanza was way more work than it's supposed to be. But I'm glad you were there!
Break a leg, Leah!
Praise God!
you forgot about me! do it before you get outta school bby
Live video: UFC on Fox 3 post-fight presser - USA TODAY (blog)
u didn't even share!
So who's buying their pre-sale tix to Rihanna today?? I have til 7 to buy mine =/
Happy New year!
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here. You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
Things are a brewin.... In Big D - 2012!
should be spending tonight with #BUTNO <U+0001F612>
Good night with great people.
Graduation Day was today. Then why am I still grading??
when 's sister starts calling everyone a pinhead bahaha we are bad influences
In tough times, it's more important than ever that congress keep arts funding strong.
#nmsu anyone know how to get the professional pictures of the graduates?
welcome sweetheart! You are appreciated!
but aye that also being productive Af so dont feel to bad.. & btw have a great wk
#Belly (where you check in to earn pts for sweet rewards) <3's its followers. RT this for a chance to win a Tanktop for TANK YOU Tuesday!
Love has nothing to do with how much you retweet. LOL
yayay!!!! I want to see you when I get back from spring break!! :)
Cast photoshoot yesterday was successful! Thank you guys!
Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for $90.00 delivered. Deal ends at 7PM PT.
Wouldn't it be sweet if #EAS would interrupt you only when your area was in "danger?"
Say say round
Im 18....FUCK I thought I would be buff as hell by now
Fletch is on.
bye bye i love you
you are right the cycle continues until Hamas stops. Israel cannot allow their Civilians to be murdered. So choose peace.
do you agree the Reds have the best starter(Cueto) and bullpen pitcher(Chapman) this season so far?
~foh~ you're delusional
Thanks for the tip! I'll definitely check it out. I'm just bummed because it's the 3rd year in a row I haven't made it! :(
@ great clips haircut time 4 me today yeah !!!!!!!!!
It's technique though too. Even no-knee-havers like Sebonis used to go at the rim and not fade away.
Dear smartphones, why can`t you charge yourself? Sincerely, you`re not so smart after all.
#justlearned: What you're accostumed to is not what you're limited to
I just finished The Blind Side. Haven't cried that hard since Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I told a FORMER friend once "the day ya start practicing on Monday what ya preach on Sunday, then I'll believe you"
lol almost, that wasnt them...oh i know, "B**** i wanna F***, F*** yo phone numbaaa" haha
God doesn't just reveal things to us FYI. He expects us to repent, ask Him to fix us, and put perimeters in place to prevent temptation.
- I'm going to show this to my wife. :D
Chris Paul man
i signed up on the waiting list & i got them xD
Blog so hard sopa wanna find me \m/
I put a bird on it. WHAT?!
Hungry Again, :)
u watching client list?
A favorite.
Business professionals in the Milwaukee area looking to make an impact in the lives of youth, volunteer for our Synergy conference Friday!
Ok, Brad Calipari is quickly becoming my favorite person in the entire world.
hey me and really wanna see you before you leave.
you're very welcome & thanks! :)
why you gotta say that on twitter! Maybe it's just you Peter that I dislike
Bored out my flocking mind
I think I have! Thank you for the recommendation!
LOL FUCK THEM. I WAS FLIPPING OUT.
How about you just shut the fuck up!
That's terrible.. You guys making fun of that poor girl!
Atleast I still get a bagel cove bagel
I was very excited there for a second because I thought I had found one part of my body that wasn't sore. I was wrong.
how many twitters you got?
smooth travels on 81 s tonight1
exactly what I needed (also, I should have thought of that myself)!
Looool my condolences.
Oh... what a Monday.
Thanks for the RT!
Got a code worth 20% active right now! Use code: twitter20
good for you girl!
What I really want is an app to make it simple and fun to do homework!
"You think I should get a rocking chair at work? -
de Freitas: why games are so motivating: they map well against larger human behavior
Know late to the game, but installed git and made first commit to a repository. Getting my #ZF #REST #API codebase together for blog post.
Newbury Street: Blueberry-Lemon froyo hits the machines and raspberry topping is back! Come visit and make this sunny day even sweeter!
who's that?? Lol
At oreganos.. Yummy
Same for ! I wish you guys delivered!
Yes, 2010/2011 in social with :) There is a group of former-CMers that try to get together when we can.
Wear your Red tie! RT : Good news: Got a spot on the March 21 #smbmad event! #UWSocial bad news: I think I'm waiting tables
Late USA surge fails. Knock on. This should do it
me either. It sucks.
I'm saying that to #KSAT since there are other channels that have church services on TV (may not be local but still)
that's crazy too. I never thought about that one. But I don't see how they can keep him off the Olympic team. Need a big man
check out for details on Social Media week! xo
I'm sorry,I just can't do it. Glee is so annoying. -_- I tried.
is there tech support for ESPN Fantasy Football? Friend cant log in to his team all of a sudden and I cant delete the team
That wraps up my #FF Follow Friday recommendations...sharing more folks to check out next week!
New warning label: Quitting cigarettes significantly increases the amount of money you will have for pot
I have to cope on mcdonalds and subway
ok sure
how and the fuck did you find me lol
still funny. $1000 story that will last forever. Amortizing it, it's probably some of the best money I've ever spent.
You were made to be courageous.
saw the show yesterday. My daughter and I loved it!
Dear John and The Voice :)
Wall Street you are on the clock too.
#truestory it happens all the time... Sry boo... #truthhurts... Die kitten Die!?
yes I love it! It's so clean and is one of the nicest fitness places I've seen. They even have a 30 min program :)
yea and because I love it out there
yah I see u
RT : RT : #ShitNobodySays RT : A nature trail would be so live right now.
AM yoga, quiet email, lunch outside w/ &
Dick riding :-(
Home alone :(
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my kicks.
Just don't understand some people! Celebrate in a peaceful manner
great job!
Oak Creek cops on scene @ I-94 & Ryan reporting fire is out
Forgive all the pimping lately, but there's a few things coming out I'm excited about.
that would explain why she uses a different acct to bash you....
I love you so much....
saw you take down that guy who rushed the governor... sexy beast you. You were on your A game last night
Ok I sure will
Any word on the other jobs open right now?
A man is wise with the wisdom of his time only, and ignorant with its ignorance. ~ Thoreau
she left the suds in the bucket and the clothes hanging out on the line
3 offensive fouls on UK while UL sets illegal screens every trip
The moon looks beautiful tonight just like you.(;
Vote for Camp Kesem - Chase Comm. Giving Awards - providing free summer camp to kids whose parents have or had cancer, www.clickforkesem.org
When you get saved that's the beginning of a process. That's one reason why it is called 'a birth' -Dallas Willard
Saw Chris Rock, Ben Stiller and today at Dreamworks prezzo. Torn between yelling "Blue Steel!" or just a narrowed-eye "Lemon".
we'll miss ya too carlos!
where's mine?!
...of course we'd return to a non-functioning boiler.
"Oh snap, a lady riding a horse!"
All you need is 20 seconds of bravery! <3
I found the magazine you did not lie!
off to bed. i want a monkey :l
I need to check the mail...! Fam always late
you dudes still over at the studio?
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
Burnt cheez-its are the best.
OW. Just accidentally cut my index finger with a kitchen knife. Bandaid on, ignoring the cut. I don't have time for minor injuries right now
If you wanna get with me there's somethings you gotta know. I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
Thanks to for being my first instagram follower!!! Aha
Tried my GoVino glasses last night w/ & they were fabulous. It's a great sub since I didn't have my Riedal w/ me.
YES!!!! You are amazing... i finally have my female role model! THANK YOU!
great meeting you and our Buddhist friend
Good Morning!!<U+2665> C:
Duncan, Ginobili & Parker reminding the Clippers that they<U+2019>ve been doing this together for a combined 33 years. lol
looked so damn gorgeous in her maxi photo shoot... godbless yu sweetheart nd hurry nd drop that damn album of yourz... W.O.R.D.
Canon AE-1. I still have it.
DONT!!! :) RT We're moving offices! What is your best moving tip?
thank you!! Love all of your clothes and accessories!!
I saw it at a gallery in NYC last year for the 11 am - 12 noon-ish section. Wish I had had time to watch much much more.
Look for it over the next month to 6 weeks...pretty pumped about it all!
and you still wont talk to me *sigh*
I forgot to mention the 3/4 length raincoat and sassy purse. I almost asked her advice on my 401k, it was so convincing
Hope it comes out on DVD!! ASAP!!!!
I am not a heavy drinker. I can sometimes go for hours without touching a drop.
yep yep. Just coordinate everything through him. When r you coming to LA?
Good Morning and have a great weekend
im listening to music wyd
#jhumda You are great! Do you still use QR codes in the galleries? Remember seeing them early on there.
good luck!!
RT : Peyton Manning called John Elway this morning to tell him he's looking forward to coming to play for him.
Pucker up! Trapeze is going to Lips in Ft Lauderdale tonight!
We're so proud of our Patrick! Mr. Tandy saves the day with a thrilling performance in the latest InveDel podcast: #Improv!
Our new bio-filter wall is on it's way to our office - just in time for the open house March 25 & 26. A green wall that cleans the air!
what's the value of keeping old code?
Crystal Meth users message me & confess usage of drug
Congrats, sounds awesome. Would you mind DM'ing me your email? I'd like to discuss a platform with you that could help out
What a Laugher, ha ha ha ~ Jerry Seinfeld is now on Twitter ! Way to go Jerry!
b/c now everyone will now how many circles you belong to since admin added it to all our shop pages :/
FACT: children are more likely to complete school with their fathers involved in the teaching! Especially minority children!
Thanks. Glad you all liked them. Happy Birthday Jenny!
How lovely!
But The Scream is such a GREAT piece ! Don't u feel like that guys sometimes? I woulda paid if I had the $$$.
So apparently we don't give tests in middle school anymore.
In-n-out was not part of the new years resolution. But if we have to I'll enjoy it with
with tebow and Jesus the broncos will not lose another game
What is Seakitten?
Clarify-as of now...hey might get to see Tiger tomorrow after all....cut projected at even, and so is Tiger
RT Old age is no place for sissies. <---so true!! Preach sista!!
what is your user name!
{runs over to stops in front of her, makes a balloon animal horsey, then runs away calling out "neigh"}
if you a female and you need money, try strippn... ALL these ma fuckers talk about these days is MAKING IT RAIN
": LOL at the girls with their butts on the sink ! :D" got to love those :)
i'm jealous!
Unemployment rate ticked down in April, but barely <U+2013> Philadelphia ...
its a #tabibonney kinda day :)
looking foward to creating new music
: Thanks for the birthday well wishings! That's so "Tweet"of you :)
Weekends pass way too quickly.
:( are you nauseous? Or just feel super crappy? :/
My timeline is flooded with #chucksters, might not be talking about Chuck, but it still feels like a nostalgic treat.
I was joking. Commenting on the fact that it's brought up every time I watch any Philly game, ever.
yes sir....we need fi link up
Good 1st half. #dontchoke. Your losing right now!
Who benefits from Hurricane Irene? is it all HYPE in NYC and or do we take precaution and let GOD have his way?
Not so sure about Michelle Williams super duty peplum
dang she is cute!
Its so pretty outside <U+2665>
be careful we want to see you Monday
thx man, Hope all Is going well for you
I WILL TURN THIS TWITTER AROUND ARTEMIS SO HELP ME GOD!
Amazing time meeting other support group leaders at the FAAN leaders summit. So many ideas I could hardly sleep last night.
#WeWontWorkOutIf your telling her the same shit your telling me
feel free to use it on one of your shirts!
Ernesto Miranda's killer got away with murder by exercising his right to remain silent. Awesome. IMO, Miranda rights need to renamed.
Why don't I ever come on this accoun??
Re: current status roster: I'd really love to see Cousins over Chandler. Bosh is still a solid asset for the int'l game.
I think that calls for some throat punching!!!
I don't know what to do anymore.
Hey, Hey Hey, It's MAAAATTT Albers. And I'm gonna blow a game for you! And Bobby V's gonna show you a thing or 2!
Increasing evidence suggests that acidosis results in numerous injurious effects on the body - Am. Journ. of Clinical Nutrition
doing this now. love. RT Finally listening to all of 's "Myth" in one sitting. Goddamn this is so good.
Way too cold I promise you, your gonna need some theraflu
Wow! So busy building site forgot to say "Good Morning" to my Fellow Twitterers! Let's kick some BUTT this week!
Jealous! Send my regards to all the children's media research all-stars there :)
Oh my gosh, that was so funny. Omg.
Sleep. Homework. Two and a half days off with daughter. Hmm... which is more important...
miles away.
have you gone to the beach all summer ?
did he just call Jimmy B "The Heimer"? thats a new one...
That joint just shook the house!!!!
Our hood! Haha
It's pretty amazing!!!!
That would be Nielluccio.
Watching the little red dude run on the #bostonmarathon tracker is pretty entertaining. He's booking it!
There's only so many times when I'm willing to try until I just say fuck it. I'm now at that point
#3WordsForYou call me maybe <U+0001F60F>
RT : #FF the incredibly festive actors
yeah that's true
Finally 18:) I think I'm gunna like this!:D
We are going green this season at ! Stop in today at our #Brookhaven shop for a FABULOUS Christmas gift for your little one
Saw a billboard off of 465 for the #Indy500...CAN'T WAIT! still owes me an autograph. Maybe this year?
Sniffling through the afternoon while catching up on vacation/illness email and following up with recent SUG grantees.
ok to eat red.
text me
Family members are coming by The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism and dropping off supplies for their #students. Such an exciting time of year
I'm just scared! LoL
Updating your bio can feel so cleansing. Just changed mine, and I feel like . . . . uh, this metaphor is getting stupid.
Will do!
a new website! check out www.cellofury.com and let us know what you think!!
#nowwatching boogie nights
"Building a Network Within and Across Agencies Sector" is having a great conversation at #NGGS11. Useful and replicable advise. Right on!
": IM SINGING TOMORROW AT R&B LIVE!!! IN SHERMAN OAKS, CA AT 10PM!! #TEAMSUPERHERO" :( Wish I was in LA #BOOM!
Watch out for the snakes. As you and I know snakes never leave the ground. They look as everyone fly. There is more snakes than eagles.
Justin Bieber is actually quite attractive.
let's hang out!!! You need another gay best friend!!!!
Trying to figure out how I manage to have anything left for a tennis match on Saturday morning.
Real talk RT : Ready to go home
you'll learn the ways ((: of the
I need to pee and this bell takes forever.
On Query Tracker it says you rep YA, but your agency website doesn't have it listed. Are you actively seeking YA? Thanks!
no phone dude dm me .
Hey guys i feel so sick *IfIRuleTheWorld*
bout to watch my girl dance : )
you should come back to DC
Watching "Let's Stay Together" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
This is gonna be chipper jones last season....i hate it but it is what it is
you're quite welcome :)
I find this plan to be perfection.
don't worry I defended u the same.
RT: Cant. Stop. Reading. Hunger. Games.
It's raining... Yay.
where u at maam
how was your pizza last night <U+E057>
Tallest man in US travels from Mpls. to Mass. for custom shoes
"analogous" is a funny word.
what's good?
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends!
We got the Ex and Richbaba (mine). Not all are in stock so don't fall totally in love w one till you check
I'd rather try and fail, than regret never having tried, and living the rest of my life thinking "What If?"
Do you work in downtown Seattle? In the middle of the May Day March? Call Arwen and be on the radio: 206 543 0520
Kaleida Health, WNY's largest employer, is working the phones - and the legislators - to win repeal the FMAP Contingency Fund. So is HEPNY!
Jesus, the line cook at Moes?
KidLock... lock it so your kid is unable to accidentally exit a particular app...
awww thanks Lauri! I think I'm starting to get the hang of it! You all have fun today!!!
just make music like if I want to read inspiring quotes I'll follow one of those fake twitters, and stop biting drake so much. Lol
those were Vidal Sassoon's last words
Just woke up from a crazy dream. wow.
thanks for responding... I'm almost there too haha crazy... Wish didn't hate me
- so glad we don't do that anymore. That was actual work. What I do now... not so much
Did you dm him babe x
<U+201C>: Whoever planned the exit strategy for the Black Eyed Peas in is a moron and should be fired<U+201D> - AGREED!
I'm not sure how to tell you this...but I can talk to owls.
Ill be back in the salon strong tomorrow! Come get beautiful ladies.
Congrats on your marathon. What an accomplishment, especially in hilly So. Cal.
bike's not for sale, but I've got a MacBook Pro I can do for an even 15
thanks girl! You too!
following you :)
We have a new communal computer station w/internet access -- a worn but not forgotten Mac, no less -- look at us now ;)
Just booked a reservation for our wedding anniversary dinner at our favorite restaurant Serafina in #Seattle! :)
Watching Captain America did not make me tear up. Nope. Didn't happen. Did. Not. Happen. That's my story, and I'm sticking to it.
The #Ravens are going to be a very different team in 2012
I was not aware I am friends with such a powerful individual.
Wake up in class, read my TL. Go back to sleep.
Closed SHORT $USDCHF for +18 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80% SHORT
Merry Presidents' Day!
#ComeGetYourSpuds !! and. Enter to win $100 gift card and other prizes... Sun, fun .., and spuds !!!
Just you wait. Management has plans for other locations, some of them 24 hours.
On the phone w 8 year old niece when Grandy hit that. She was telling me about her report on Lou Gehrig & got very excited.
So way is it storming!
how you know!? You wasn't around back then
Save it for next Sat!
Dude, Chris called me and told me that everyone will go to Edward's party. It's at 10, he told me to invite you!
spam email with a malicious virus (of course) from a source claiming to be the Better Business Bureau. Don't open it!
Whatchuuu talking about?! You've always been cool!
#FF to So glad to work with you!
DAMMIT! He says they're freezing spending, and now he's launching a new web site? WTF?
We're having fun at Lunch and Learn!
And :)....I'm also wondering about a good, reliable herbal that infuses a pretty pink color that will be sweetened with agave and iced??
JOIN ZE CLUB
chillin n da cut like an infection...
SO HOW HAVE YOU BEEN G????? HOPE WELL :)
Happy Friday the 13th! Take advantage of our deal...$100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your Band or DJ!
My big toe keeps me balanced. I just wanted to say I love you big toe. ^.^
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because of #theleg!!!
me personally I'd say MIAMI VICE - but I'm in the minority due to everyone else's being wrong
Shaving your legs with no soap or shaving cream #notagoodidea.. Legs are burning!<U+0001F621>
Hahaha!! That's so wrong!!
haha it's kind of true!
"Money is the ROOT of all evil!" Do you believe that statement is true?
Thanks Annabelle for the follow!
ahh cool!! I have played all positions. :P I used to pitch.
I aint even have the bread to fly back right now....It was so sudden ... Im to fucked up about this whole situation bro
RT: "Loved seeing senior graphic designers work!! Congrats! I love my #art #community!"
Common sense isn't a given...
This pinched nerve in my neck is making my morning long and difficult... long... and... difficult...
ESPN time to look for the two Laker highlights from tonight to lead Sportcenter. Give OKC some credit for once.
So goodnight beautiful people <3
Officially addicted to RedBull. I can't seem to make it through the day without one (it's a nap in a can).
Paddy Harrington takes the early Masters lead, Tiger waits in the wings to attack a soft golf course. Time to get fired up.
Thanks and you guys rock. First one to rewtweet this gets a free shirt and Lazer!
Want to get away from all this snow? I know I do! Come to tonight with us! Get your tickets in the CLSI today from now until 4
Well, if others won't thank you, please allow me. Thank you! Thanks for doing what you do. Keep on being great. Cheers!
Instead of waiting four the storm to pass why dont you learn to dance in the rain? <3
I'd go with Cedric
Starting the week off with a BIG Deal of the Day!... buy 10 sessions, get 5 FREE! 15for10! MUST mention this add! See you at HT!
Thirsty Thursday! I love college. (;
"back country", huh? at least we know the difference between "your" and "you're".
Getting revenge is honestly one of the best feelings ever.
I want pizza LOL
RIP CHUCK BROWN
Verizon without even a second's thought.
I've never seen so many little kids at a happy hour than during the starbucks happy hour.
#Austin tops nation for job growth since 2004 from paper today. Very cool.
Have you read yet, yr tattoo buddy? Also, NOX, Bluets, Flannery O'Connor, Emperor of all Maladies, Raw Shark Texts
because they're (IU/Crean) doing everything the "right way"... remember? I gag every time I hear that.
Augmented reality games with cross-media provide engagement and exploration, not bound to as desk
North by Northwest is on TCM. nice!
doppio espresso this am and it was delicioso. Another, please.
Organizing and tossing, in prep for my new palm beach/moroccan/romantic bedroom designed by !
All those crazy #Flyers fans in orange look intimidating
Thought ole Blake was going to rip his jersey in half, but he really wouldn't dare. All talk, no walk.
I should...I need the rest of the week to recover from grad school hell week!
got shades on your eyes, and heels so high that you cant even have a good time.
Yup, im changin my major!
: Have you checked out yet? Go listen to their music!!!!
It gets harder and harder to wake up....
Please text or tweet when you know something about your dad!
If this bug comes near me i'll scream:(
I love me some Greinke but that's just...wow.
hello boys :)
I am fucking bored.
Awesome! // RT : Should've come to Vegas, Charlie Sheen. That kinda bit is just called "Tuesday"
We'd like to wish all of our moms a very Happy Mother's Day! <U+2665>
Hah - sly! In this case, was just trying to help out friends by making connections if you needed on the ground access.
me 2 alex riley and zack ryder are awesome so wat match do you want to see the most
AND U LOST THE BEST LOVING YOULL EVER HAVE!!!!
Tomorrow night, my #ADD nuttiness will be on stage for all to enjoy. My Stand-up comedy debut aka at Go Bananas Cincinnati.
Will these links be available online? Good stuff.
Im gonna straighten my hair now... #byebye <U+E253><U+E04C>
was texting Taylor Swift, "dating" Lily Halpern, & is now seen kissing Emma Ostilly. WOO YOU GO BABY!
Lots of moisture in the air today. Very humid.
DHS pilot implementing prosecutorial discretion, review of immigration cases, in Denver & Baltimore ends today. Next: nat'l rollout.
hey what about me? Am I already forgotten!? Haha
We wish you a Merry Christmas. We wish you a Merry Christmas. We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
Out to the hospital to be there when my big brudder become a daddy :')
Killing Joke - Democracy
Checkin out the new apartment tonight. Ready for a new pad, used up all the vibe here
I feel like we should start classy wine sundays this summer... A glass a wine with a good tv show/movie....
ATLAS and ATHENA programs - effective drug use prevention programs for high school athletes. www.atlasprogram.com
whoever invented homework can go f**k a cow
We are giving away Free Tickets to Steve Aoki (playing tonight at 8pm @ the Rave) Come in and get a drink and see Jed right now!!
Riding the bus is a scary experience.
yikes! good thing you didn't RT his next tweet
Did you get a new #Mac for the holidays. Being new does not mean you can forego a #backup. Hard drives at increased risk in first 30 days.
Any great running paths in San Antonio Texas?
More like yes :) RT : ": Is "A Goofy Movie" the best movie ever? Probably, man...Probably." &lt;3
Going to bed with alot on my mind. Fuck ineeda smoke but I'm tryna quit that to -.-
Elson! When are you going to drop by again? You should bring some friends!
Hope you visited us!
heya Chip! glasses in yet? Would make a great present for Javi!
I hate the distance between us, I miss you every second of my life.
Life's amazing and yet so sweet in the most absolute creepy and maybe disgusting of ways.
I just need to not replace it with coffee and it'll be a healthier choice for me too!
I was behind you and the first one closed on me Haha
I'll be your host over at WFNY this weekend. so if any of you sports writers have links that need linking, you let me know.
Thanks for the happy birthday!! On to the next one!
do let me know!
After 3 days and 3,000 mostly throwaway words, i have finally solved the first 2 paragraphs of this chapter.
so anybody have good reason to hit batter ever?
I have to reschedule my senior pictures :(((((
Got to get used to openin my eyes up at 4:45 am...
Watching miami and okc.. There is nothing about lebron that says <U+201D>closer<U+201D>.. But they keep high pick and roll. If they lose, that's why. WADE
better late than never, better wait it gets better<U+263A>
I love my brother :D
Openings this week - message me for days/times!
Hm, I should throw a party.
Heading out. What a beautiful day the LORD has made let's rejoice an be #Thankful for seeing this day. Thank you Father.
For mission to be a lifestyle, we participate in God<U+2019>s mission of grace and reconciliation, not just on specially designated <U+201C>trips.<U+201D>
Glad we could accommodate last night's Marketing SIG. Great learning about branding 's #Snapdragon processors.
Bite me.
Listening to Wayne Shorter's Speak No Evil
you are welcome and we have to support one another.
so true but follow me please!
Well this has been an incredibly boring Sunday >.<
Then embed photos and/or video to tell the story of what is going on and why important.
Legal Writing is Persuasive writing
jesus wept just tell me already! You know you want to :-) #hogab hands. Off. Get. Away. Bastard
Will the real #Eagles please show up!!! My goodness what is going on here...
So excited for dinner with the family at Little Havana!
God is faithful ALWAYS not SOMETIMES! Letting Go and Letting Him take control is the hard part, but when we do :)
are you a fan of Singularity?
Rollin' Newspapers. Ready for bed. (:
Yes! We are going to #factorcon , we're getting in tomw night in time for the #RMP cocktail reception :) Will you be there?
Nice program!
Goddamn it! #Caps score to make it 3-3 in the 3rd. Horrible D by the #Bruins there.
Late to class -.-
#thingsisaywhilereadingmyTL child nobody wants to hear you funky ass mixtape....
Chivalry is NOT entirely dead; it's napping on my couch with an empty Natty Light in his hand, snoring like a motherfucker.
<U+2729>I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.<U+2729> Og Mandino
Is a 24 on the act bad for Wustl?
2 #FF 's for now and they just got on twit. and follow them......
"To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand." Jose Ortega y Gasset
Shooting at the University of Alabama kills 3. What is the world coming to???
i wld have never guessed that in just a year i would have met jordan 4 times and seen him in concert 3 times.
"Never lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night"
Arts Roundup: Dance, drama, recitals <U+2014> and the Solaris Vocal Ensemble debuts
Finally dressed like 2 hours later.... o.o
Aww, thank you! Wish we could, but we love the snow too much. ;) <3
Rapid reviews all night.
I heard your show went great last night. Congrats
thanks Dez! Hope you enjoy my feed and music :)
one of the best moments in that show!
Bout check out again headache ):
I keep saying I shouldn't have procrastinated, yet I'm still on twitter.
I'm getting senile...can't remember the last thing I tweeted, lol.
Good morning! How are you? Bertie doing OK? i've been thinking about putting my Diesel Rabbit back out on the road.
Chilling at panda with the ishkabiblians!!!
The Charlotte Douglas International Airport has dozens of rocking chairs in the terminal- clever and practical southern charm.
I expected to be blessed with your artistry on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee my audience will no longer be denied!! Love
RT : Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport Terminal 2 Prepares for EURO 2012 Crowds; ARINC Providing Passenger Check-In Technology http:// ...
No Yankee like a dead one, esp. in the hands of in #DamnYankeesBook. "I'm going to be buried in pinstripes," they said & were.
Da money in muzik iz really not in bein a Artist its in producin a very small percentage of artists make any BIG money producerz a dif story
tell him I said hi!! Miss him. Was thinking about him the other day
Cute. I've heard that they don't last long. It that true?
Thank you, Matt! Very honored to be alongside "The Ceiling," a story I really love.
officially giving up drinking
Season 2 is just a lot of yelling. These people are boring. Someone needs to take a trip and show me something new.
#TLR10, Mr. La Russa, I'm only 13 years old, but I've been a big fan since your WS win in 2006, and have followed you since then. Go Birds!
No snow, nice weather. I love Colorado. Probably time to move.
LoL RT : Indiana and Orlando series was on NBATV with whack commentators.
I probably piss off everyone I text since I suck at responding. sorry <3
Grad school is fine. This semester seemed so long. I'm just finishing up the required courses before I dive into the fun stuff
I have to go and get my shots for high school.
RT I got five on it is a great song
congrats on rising above the noise...be encouraged!
I can tell by the gangsta lean. Individual importance is directly correlated to the lean angle of black & white glamour shots
U look amazing x
let's see a movie tonight! I can pay. I want to see cabin in the woods
Its Friday its time to get down!
MT : From new UW prof who studies Twitter MT : Fascinated by dialogue around
I loved my x-racers! That was 10+ years ago and I'd take more in a heart beat if I could.
ugh i'm totally "never drinking again"
The benches have emptied. Pendergraph is even coming in! Good win Pacers!
Dems' final offer on #NJMAP, Rothman vs. Garrett in district that's 50% D and 50% R. Farmer ruling expected today.
Watching Matilda makes me feel like a kid again
Harry doesn't check his mentions? Abkj7ahstwbkshw NO.
Dear Really Bad Bass Player next door. Practice isn't helping. Please take the night off.
Goodnight; need to catch up on my dreams. <U+270C>
thanx for the #sxswLAM high5 - it was a blast this year! thanks to everyone who made #sxswi 2012 librarianawesomesauce
look at my twitter username:D
Thanks for the follow. Great to have a true Bulldog at my heel.
Turns Out My Cousin Didn't Bring My Crutches -_-
Dear Friday, I never thought you would get here. Please make the work part go by fast then you can do whatever you want. I love you.
Being a fan, I don't see too much western hoops, but I know this: 's beard is
Kill the lights.....
Holly Stark: your lost item has been returned to the lost & found at the volunteer ctr.
When it comes to endorsements nothing breathes "I don't know how to inhale through my nose" like "I haven't made up my mind yet."
Damnit, I wish my body would let me sleep past 7am!
I got designated laker haters that hit me up every time we lose. Who pays you Fuckers?!
The RUT is in travel mode to Wisconsin for 7th annual Pond Hockey championships Feb. 10-12
When you realize your annoying so you try to be less annoying... but then you make it worse. -.-
ManU while still good aren't the giants they once were. Time to reload.
Entrepreneurial Lesson #11: Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you are.
Guess what? We're celebrating our 100th anniversary this year and so are ! Happy 100th to us!!
Where is I need to copy her paper
im so hella bored ugh
ur a gye mahomie (ur name duhh) OMG I don't know any ah U ROCK !!!! An my eyes are nicee too hahaa ;) x
Saddle shoes or duck boots.
already starting huh Mr Reggie Jordan? to bad the sideline got it in ur way in the rose bowl in 95
Tired of the cold? Don't worry cuz we're bringing theheat365.com ***Coming Soon*** The Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
I'm in love with the Texas Rangers... Every single one
I'm ok with Kirk Cameron being against gay marriage. He hasn't come out against taking it up the ass, so at least he's still honest.
Might hit up the pool later on. To hot up in Florida like fa real yo
I have a fever? K, cool. Guess I'm going to school with a fever tomorrow.
super disappointed by your association w/ priorities usa action super pac.
WOW!! That's some serious mileage! Can't wait to see the pix. Thanx for the Mom's Day well wishes :))))
your an amazng person. i look up to you everyday and not just because im short lol. love u diggy
Yes, that seems like something I'd be interested in thinking about.
other than Riesling or Rose, best drink on 90 degree Chitown day has got to be beer! Dogfish Head 60 & a slice of lime. ahh just the ticket!
Me and look like the american flag;)
It's .. kind of made CSS exciting again
I'm still in a sleep induced haze trying to understand this tweet string.
Have we mentioned that we're having a meet up tonight? Meet other entrepreneurs and hear what's new with MosaicHUB. See you at 7!
<U+201C>: RT : nigga look like a swole crack baby version of Chris Rock<U+201D>~~~is that possible?
#indieview Thanks! Some very interesting points were made today..
That #awkward moment when someone turns down the radio in the car and you are still singing it loud and proud
If the nations will fail to abolish war, war will never fail to abolish the nations.
love thelma! she's the reason i got into the biz, & no work is the reason I got out. now i'm a journo! ha!
I thought you were talking instagram: LOI=laughing on investment..
Who thinks Lady Gaga should just lend Justin Bieber her balls?
peeps ask me "why do you write more on some reviews than others?" if I'm intrigued or impressed im going 2 write lengthy positive experience
"The best part of waking up, is Folgers<U+00AE> in your cup..." @ my own apartment! Only 1 Month 25 more days till Spenc is due!
Wireless is down at Holiday Inn French Quarter. At least I have my Droid so not totally cut off from the world. G'night.
I know, I miss you too...and I'm pretty good! Not letting these fools get the best of me. Wbu?
Thanks for the follow. Your site is cool!
About 80% of college students change majors at least once--so don't obsess TOO badly about that choice!
you should be able to have it
idk maybe some skiing. U having fun w ? Hope to see him on this trip too!
Does anyone know the secret to opening an old stubborn can of ink ? I always feel like I gonna bleed all over the studio.
Ok, then we'll start with a nice easy 2step to warm up the joints and get some blood circulating :)
Getting ready to send out some free healthy organic coffee, tea, and hot cocoa. Who wants free samples?
when is the news coming?
Good Morning Beautiful People! How's everyone?
So what your SuperBowl predictions?
RT Such a happy man thanks to the Kindle Mac App, just got Kant, Aquinas, Augustine and Locke for naff all.
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office. He always makes me smile.
Hello and thanks for following!
Def rolling Witch Doctor.
There are some awesome surprises coming down the pipe for Beer-con!
Convey much better...no right foot..but better.
#youknowuwrong if you're within 24 inches of my face with your breath smelling like baked baby diapers
U prob get asked all the time but r u watching BB13? I would pay to be in the room w u and Ragan watching Brenchel..haha
thanks for unfollowing;)
Thanks for the retweet!
I'll be out there in June, we definitely have to see eachother this time. I'll dm you my number
Not busy fixing Super Bowl treats? --come to the free Sunday community class at South Mountain Yoga, 18 S. Orange Av., S. Orange, 4-5pm
video was funny
Daisy Got The Same Birthday As My Daddy & Little Sister .
I just went to the denist a few hours ago guess what no cavities but I need braces that sucks
Bake sale and Bounce house at Walmart :) OneAndOnly<3
I wanna say its Tom Hanks but then I'd just be paranoid
How's your recuperation coming along?
agree, it was a great one.
My goal trw during the welcome at the ConSource David McCullough event is not to say, "And now I'll turn the time over to...."
and let's not forget how much they are anti-socialism ....yet, well...taking that money is very socialistic.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <34642
you welcome :)) how old are u?
Oh, I'm so sorry. Get well soon. Not quite the way to ring in a new hometown.
We attended last years event. A great event for Technology managers, professionals, developers, etc. So many tracks to choose from
#StrangeClouds today. might as well check this #HotInCleveland2 out while I'm at it.
Today Twitter Word of the Day: "Nostalgia"
yeah i was just kicking it with him
Thumbs up. Especially the Q&A discussion around database vs. book.
just proves that they really do a great job in raising daya to be the best person she could be <U+0001F604>
do you know how to find out what an actress was wearing in a movie? Brands etc.
Wit his bitch ass RT : I don't care what you Heat fans talking bout. Yo best player should take the last shot.
Redevelopment = land grabs for "blight." Blight is whatever the agencies WANT it to be -- up to and including irregularly shaped lots.
Weird. Cheesecake? Edible kind or what goes on a calendar? Thx for making me finally sign up for Klout just to see what's what.
Let's go lions we out here saints fans!
dear , I'm excited. Kbye
My tax return is going to be so easy this year: I'm just going to write a check with "About 15%" on the comment line.
Are you as bored as I am?' Makes sense even when you read it backwards...
at the #Rockies game with the family cheering for the rockies over the
One secret to SM "Make me care"
Me and at the library...so unproductive
If you haven't seen "Dralion" yet...don't miss it before it leaves your city. Best show that I have seen in years.
leave?! Youre like me always moving! haha where are you headed?
WHAT?!? You were this close and didn't tell me?
Other than day 1, Glee doing original songs has to be JTS moment.
I will be somewhat patriotic tomorrow at #goldcup #vagoldcup not that you care, lol.
Check out ABC nightly news right now, and see what we are doing in Oliver. We ARE making Baltimore better.
Thanks #edcampCincy for another great unconference.
Life does not make exceptions for excuses - me.
Hey dude i know! I know its just a saying! It was a joke ya fuckin jerk! U mad tho
Lol@ Slain in the Spirit! ROTFL!
you should hit and bring me on the show so we can chop it up sis!
post-yum dinner, lo-key #movienight #drive dvd. yay! xo
Lol I get bored and doodle.
Last night was very fun. I'm so happy to meet a shining beacon of awesomeness.
great blog - read several articles and they are awesome. Neat thing to do with your close BFFs - I might steal it. :)
Headed to Driftwood, but not for BBQ. Weird.
haha, you know I love the ladies. Oh, wait...I mean women. That's what ya'll like to be called, right? :-P
- Hi there! Thank you for following! Plz follow the real actress: & her tvshow: -Also on Facebook!
Whaaaaa! Can't wait for tonight. Really wish there was a special section in the hall for Indians #JustSayin'
y u like tall boys wit big feet
Far too emotional. No one show me puppies, dogs that need adopting, anything about dogs loving you forever... Just don't talk to me.
Donegal Fergus on taking over LCC baseball: <U+201C>There were some persuasive people in the LCC family who wanted me to come back and take over.<U+201D>
I love ruffles with french onion dip way too much.
I hope the president will answer alot of questions on the economy.
You will be on our list, free before 1am
no, but we will have some video content available post-conference.
#thedrive LMAO tell that dumb caller there is no plan B!!!!
I need it!
Unsolicited advice: You should avoid any man who uses the word <U+201C>preggers.<U+201D>
Getting my hair done by the diva!!! Pics soon to come.
:( what happened
I don't know about Micaela, but I'm packing for a cruise!
Ouch. That got him in the jimmies
Oh and I just got pulled over. Maybe I should make a list: Thanksgiving 2011 misfortunes.
u need 2 get into modeling the camera loves u
Video game tester jobs are readily available!
": I want a serious relationship. No more games."
this amazing weather
LOLOLOLOL xD yes that's inspiring too
haahaa I bet it did!!!..
Today is Friday... Gotta get down on Friday.
I hate when my girlfriend cheats on me
and doing hw, and eating,
celebrity apprentice tonight
Hell no! I'm calling the shots here, lady!
Today I discovered if I wear a big enough push up bra, my cleavage becomes a beverage holder. Great for those times I need a third hand.
Make sure follow my girl <-----fwh
I love you. I miss you. Come home SOON.
so tired of the shots at Cal too. Besides- YES he CAN coach, imagine what goes into just having to reload every year.
What tools do you use in your work?
So brother Peter Peters got two peters and Paul Peters got just one.
that was more for haha
#NF Go Follow my Cousin , Show him that its so much more to do on twitter than holla at girls
Don't think there are any bad choices this year! Coldplay. Arcade Fire. And the legend that is Stevie Wonder.
tech game 2day :) ~I<3 u this big
<U+201C>: or what?! (slowly slides finger on unfollowing button)<U+201D>lol you ain't real
RT : RT : you can tell Don Draper is a missouri fan with his lack of speed and poor tackling form
I think #SOPA and #PIPA are good ideas
When giving your mate a gift, remember, presentation counts!
Threw out my back playing roulette. I'm THAT good.
you know you broke the record for most views in 24-hours right ? (: yay
Buenos Dias Everybody! You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
On Spring Break from Law School .... It feels good!
Waiting to get on train. Brewers/Cubs game tonight. Excited for brats, beer and Brewers!
#thingsisaidinthe90s Kirk Cameron seems like a cool guy
y u gtta go ta Bartlett
Bitch u wattn wit me shootn n da gym!!.....
with all the player/coach movement, and I don't know the investigation, but no other teams with similar involvement?
Watching #Big. This movie makes me so happy, mostly because I love :)
That's a pretty big group to go shopping with.
Thnx 4 the follow - What a daunting task you've chosen to pursue, given today's pervasive use of the N-word in many forms.
yea I saw him and way like hey Claudia , I may go out there. Haven't been to that location.
Yeah, same. RT Everything you see I owe to spaghetti. Sophia Loren
#ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia is such a great show. Lmao at this "glory hole" episode! :D
no problem!
Art of Beer tonight at Sac Grand Ball Room. If you aren't up for that, it's also Firkin Thursday! More than one way to get your Rubicon fix
Worshipped @ Zion Baptist Church in Shreveport where Rev Brady Blade Sr delivered the word with a voice full of nuance and wisdom.
If you say you love that one female why have other females on the side . That dont make since
omg i might be late, but is that thomas in your twitcon? omg aojsdoiefjoweigf adorable <3
What is autotweet? Sorry for my ignorance. I've noticed there are different ways of retweeting. Trying to figure it out.
so you want your cord but don't hit me up for it lol
Thanks to all of you who submitted! For those of you who didn't, please do so for our next issue!
Bowl Painting Party hosted by Whole Foods downtown, Saturday, Oct. 17 from 10 am until noon. Paint an Empty Bowl for the AEBP - $5.
There aren't many people at the park. Why are concessionaires so slow?
That sounds like fun.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dale Carnegie
I hate when people stare at me
By 'all the degenerate gamblers on covers' do you mean 'all of us on covers'?
Sometimes I wonder why I watch novelas then I remember tht I have no life -.-
Scratch that, it's next week. STILL...U BETTR WATCH OUTT
Hey man whats good, I need a PR. Hit me up in a DM if you want to network!
"Almost everything has a built-in daemon." Deep thoughts with
WOW! Thx 4 follows from : & then some! #RedShoeCrawl supporters too!
Thank You ( :
Playoff hockey>
Going to game tonight !
Me too! Good times ahead.
So many writing projects swirling around in my head. Need to get them organized and just start. Disorganization & procrastination won't do.
i been following u since i was 15 i love ur music u put a smile on my face everytime i hear ur songs
OMGessbers! Im so confused.
What do you tell your #library patrons who want an ILL for a Kindle book that came out 6 mos. ago, but the paperback came out today?
#FF Follow the One and Only
lmfao don't say that shit
Just found out Erie is in Pennsylvania.
Gamel's knee may end up being more impactful than any 2011 #Brewers injury, Weeks included. Set panic level to fuscia.
is really really REALLY freaking hot!!!!!! Like omg he is stunning Love him so much <3
I could use a 24/7 Five Guys...
I WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING JUST TO SEE UR FACE AGAIN
Sometimes you just have to make a move
that is a good way to put that i was thinking of how to eplain that #SHOUT OUT
yea isn't it a bunch of Mexican beaner DJs? Idk maybe dude cause I got a new job with Oscar and Oj :)
wait for it ... $125/person.
just saw you on #JaneByDesign :)
Hope to see you today <U+0001F49C>
" it lead me to believe that I was meant to be a supporting character nothing more"
#breakingbad that is all.
Trying to be a better person is the grossest thing I've ever experienced and I have a vagina!
I love your subject matter!
About to watch Epic Movie !
I miss my babe so fucking much :(
must be high
it's not that it's too soon; it's that it's not funny at all.
Amazon does have Amazon Moms for cheap diapers, etc.
the big three of the twitterverse - LOL
Go Noles! RT Just added & to our list of #FSU Twitter users!
Gtfo with your boob job all over my newsfeed. Nobody cares
Being in love is not about being perfect... its about being perfect for each other.
The moment when people move around while the bus is still on Lakeshore.
both u and are stranded in Newton, IA. Hook up with them for a bus video!
Well, you're still a rockstar in our book! We'll double check for hanging chads ; )
Keynote with Mike Fernandez, chairman of MBF Healthcare Partners
hahaha my voice had returned!....... slightly :/
Barack knows how to motivate a nation.
"Andy Warhol: The Last Decade" is on my must see.. thanks DMN GuideSunday for great insights, esp.the Dallas connection.
haha good to know we have you on board Buck! Good series, wish it had gone a bit longer, but I'm sure we'll see you again.
Knee jerk reactions.
why is beer bottle not a refrigerator industry standard? Whole thing is wrecked without proper spacing.
Hey, a fellow ND grad!
Still recovering from the weekend in the high country of Virginia but the gears are turning for a music festival in Blue Grass, VA.
I would "like" it :) hahah
Fun day
TUNE!!! RT : I'm glad I'm not the only who thinks the beginning of Rustie's "Hover Traps" is similar to the Seinfeld TV Theme song.
RT : STUFFED BACON, BLACK & BLEU: Burger, stuffed w/ bacon & bleu cheese, topped w/ cracked black pepper. Can you say yum?
absolutely! An adventure!
i love you so much
Are you gonna hire DJ tt126 for your next party?
The best part about living in Texas may be that I don't have to watch the continuous Minnesota Viking collapses every week...
You said "Thx for following." and i'm saying yw :P
You ain't. Gotta nough. Money.
Sporting a faux-fu/handlebar mustache today in honor of baseballers like Rollie Fingers, Dennis Eckersley, etc.
lol, swear I thought the same thing
Are you sad often?
THE AVENGERS IS SO GOOD BEST ACTION MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN SCREAMING OMFG
never again microsoft
It used to be that scandals were comedy gold. This era will be looked back upon with scorn for its meekness and obedience.
#Add us on #facebook before it turns into
#Celtics is now a scary team leading into the playoffs... #Heat got to bring their A game in the east...
MY wedge sandals is bad (: Ima wear thm 2 my shower
Word nerd Factoid: The study of eggs is called oology (pronounced roughly <U+201C>oh-ol-uh-jee<U+201D>).
Hey GP...Are we on your favorite list? ;)
I wish #duke and #unc could both just lose.
Shantz did something for the first out of the 7th. Kirsch up.
this is gonna be my first time watching the Follow You music video,I cn already tell its gonna be great!
Pike Township home sales are up 18 percent over last year, year to date. Quite an improvement. Showings are up 11 percent.
a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc
Hopefully my cousin and I will be working on beach property's this summer! *Fingers Crossed*
hung up on step 3, keep clicking and all the page does is refresh
please ask the Boyz to shout out Julia from Florida and i want to know if you could live anywhere where would it be??
I love the contractors who have no idea what they're doing! Keeps me busy repairing their mistakes
Christmas! aw....
I think you made a great decision!
not worth it! > <U+201C>: I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.<U+201D>
oh, you. Sleep well.
Not gonna lie<U+2026> I wanted Marko to win<U+2026>
three! Is that too many?
Why do I let Jon Stewart and Stephen colbert ruin my REM cycle?
Blinded by the light!!! Lol.
we need to plan a trip here! And the run situation was horrific, yet hilarious.
& suga free- 'till the dawn'
i can handle that
Now THAT would put a dent in the student loans! :-)
Sunday morning thought: I have never seen a U-Haul attached to a hearse. It is both a sobering thought and a call to action. Enjoy the Day!
too bad Miami Heat. >>>> <U+2764><U+2764> DONT YOU CALL ME A BANDWAGON. I've liked Miami before Lebron ok. <U+2600><U+0001F334><U+0001F525><U+0001F498>
:Hey you!
Anything will help. Thanks so much for taking the time to visit this page
Is that a real show? I think you can do a bit. It's begging for it.
thanks! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
10,000 chickens! RT : I'm having a party, I need to get me some chickens. I need a lot of chickens.
That's some hot cheese
But a nigga work hard on gs.
Wht low-lives wld do this? Wht urged them to do it? Hatred? Yes, but wht lies created that hatred?
Cant wait to eat p0pcorn at the club =) hahaha i totally love my job
No reason to live? Learn how to overcome what looks impossible at this free online conference:...
Conundrum: Go to meeting early, or listen to the rest of the Talking Heads song playing? I know what would choose.
follow me bby?
oh I know thats what I keep telling myself. Thanks!
Teams, communities spend years forging a stadium deal. Then the Legislature comes in and changes everything. As in Minnesota for Vikes.
I try to check some out today!
Sit yo ass down.
Ruling class dont object 2 Obama cuz he's black. They fear he might cost them $. They only use racism 2 motivate rubes 2 oppose PBO.
I keep on checking the schedule. First regular season game is 3 months away but I might just start tailgating now
so Destiny is wow
With music it was <U+201C>it<U+2019>s too expensive<U+201D> or <U+201C>I wouldn<U+2019>t have bought it anyway<U+201D>. I wouldn<U+2019>t expect HBO to break even offering DLs.
Has everyone registered for Fringe yet? We're approving last minute applications now...
Good idea, changes always help you reach your best RT
Safe-Healthy-Strong Conference: social justice allies move against the 'every day' & get staff on the same page.
<3 u and Harry look alike.
Welcome to Twitter, James!
And for the record, I don't agree with most of what Frank said. He's venting. Using war to justify ant-OWS is dumb.
Thx for the #follow Follow my friends and - they
i want #zackandCody back on
#Shoutout to ATL Profile host on the set on VH-1 Single Ladies shooting a promo right now!
Orioles dealing in Boston...team is legit
Just scored an all-time Galaga high score (for me, at least): 576,800! Level 55
Time to sleep. 6am is coming up fast. I'm excited to see my ladies. Back to back minerals education all day in Green Bay.
Illegal activity controls my black symphony.
RT : Getting to hear voice today via the blog was priceless. I miss my friend. She is such a hero!
Hi Nita! Just putting my calendar together. What are those dates on again on the conference and what is the city...Thx!
...I don't have an iPhone. But my wallet has it's own gravitational pull.
GOOD MORNING WORLD!!! STAY BLESSED AND STAY POSITIVE!!!
Come on Miami. Do it for daddy.
Moms making fried chicken!
How Many Niggas Know How Many Females Exactly They've Had Sex With?
OMG makes me want to POP an app off!
lloooong day, got to meet my personal trainer today :) wish i had more free sessions because it was worth it !
Happy Birthday Tupac, regardless of what they say about him, he was well love and 106Kmel is jamming all his song..Hood Figure now what!
Neuromarketing: Is it real? Deep down, in yr subconscious, U know it is! 1 day, IC will use 2! (via )
Right now #Spain vs. #Scotland - vamos Espana!
Thanks for the follow. This is a great service to actors. is one of the best CD's in town. Good to know!
lol we'll work that out you got my number
I'm disgusted with myself.
hope your day is amazing!
love it!<U+201C>: Business idea: <U+00FC>ber for pizza. App let's you push a few buttons and an independent pizza provider brings you a pizza ASAP.<U+201D>
you must be with chris lol.
Getting some new eyes
One thing I've always wondered..."What Does Sloth Meat Taste Like?"...
So you guys , If I ask Zayn if I could kiss him on the cheek , do you think he'll say no ? ;o that'd be bogus a'f !
Let's do this one more time.
Is the #Arkansas QB for real? Coach may want to rethink that one.
don't see why not. Most people just have a thing you mail back.
Congrats to and for their grammy nomination on Lupe Fiasco's 'Show Goes On'!!! SYMPHONY CRACK TAKEOVER!
RIP Miranda. you will be missed dearly... :(
Discover PEACE in the still points all around.
It's going great so far! Things will get super intense starting next month. You? RT HEY! How's tri training going?
Cheer moms are crazy
ALL HOCKEY FANS..JOIN US BEFORE & AFTER THE GAME... BISTRO...JUST LOOK FOR THE BLUE LIGHTS!
Well, think the wifi would suffice for most people. AT&T 3G service really is pathetic in most places. Least for me it is.
do have to make an appointment now?
That's the good stuff.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tebow time.
Where you going?(:
At least he's trying harder than he was vs PAC.
Exercise Tip Of The Day (week, month, year, life): EXERCISE! I don't care what you do, but find excuses TO exercise. -Zach Marcy
I see Jennifer Lopez got good tips from the good sis Katy Perry on how to secure a #1 spot.
It's my birthday! Show me love!!
I would go to the movie. This Heat/Knicks game is pretty uneventful IMO.
Can't find the cataloging information in Library World? TO WORLDCAT!
AND BROWN! <U+201C>: 1st of many for sure. Having dinner with the Andrew/Green crew #HelloBrooklyn<U+201D>
jelly; that dress is BEAUTIFUL!! :) I love it!!
#robin Roberts booty is out there
agree 100%, he should be gone next week though.
say "hi" to the boys for me :-)
"is" a nice tall Morgan
Valencia test.
i dont want to forget how your voice sounds.
Success is knowing the difference between cornering people and getting them in your corner.
Oh dear Madrid
I can feel myself starting to get a cold #wahh :-(
Cool to see my students getting internships and building networks through my social media contacts. Gotta get them on board now too.
TICKET GIVEAWAY: Follow Tweet #BlacklightPartyOct22 TICKETS & RETWEET/RT THIS TWEET PASS IT ON!!!!!!!!!!
quite possibly!
When i see crazy people on the street who talk to themselves, i wonder what the voice in their head sounds like. Saw 3 today #siri?
(pt 2) "I see no basic difference between a poem and a handshake," says Paul.
Transmission is shot on my Caddy. $4 GRAND...I DON'T THINK SO. Time to go Car Shopping....! (YEAH!!!)
See our production opening THIS THURSDAY! "Someone WHo'll Watch Over Me" is HERE! Tix are $12-students/artists/seniors and $15 general
I got 2
not foreal... i'ma call tomorrow....
That moment when you say to yourself "If only he knew I loved him as much as I do".
someone verified has been dm'ing me!! i have a new friend thats famous(;
How big a rush? Are talking blow-hard radio host or Canadian power trio?
Going to school late >
D0 i wanna be there ayaaare. in my citaaay
RT reporting deal with Knicks is very close
Just as I decide to get out of bed it starts raining and thundering
That was the most terrifying 15 minutes of my life, but the giant, angry bee is dead. May he burn in bee hell.
help us with this local peace officer memorial Rt please
#thevoice should be crazy for letting that Juilette Simms sing Crazy by Ceelo...She sound Crazy
Movie recommendation is Brad Dourif in "Child's Play"
It's gonna be a long lazy day ahead.
hey so..your from venezuela ??
Help me get to 50,000 followers by Walking with me on Twitter! ----Follow me--- on the journey Across America and ask others to Follow me 2!
As long as you know
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it? - DvL
I respect that tho lol!! Atleast you can say your team is in the playoffs and that's all that matters in my book
bruh! How are you doing
i love him.
#GoodMorning....ppl..#8dayz to go bare wit it
I cant wait for my #nba2k12 update at midnight..
EL and IC was better than I thought. Haven't seen artist yet but the ones I've seen are most average crop in yrs
<U+201C>We are all selfish machines and we all have natural tendencies to want, love, and take<U+201D>-Vic Fuentes
Idiot says what? Milwaukee DA, but ALSO Milwaukee FBI probe/investigation. Google a beautiful thing. <U+201C>"
How come donnie never talks about Jason anymore??...hm...#didsomeonegetcanned?
I rely on tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Lakerholicz: >...Next season. And announcers are employed by team, not network. ...<when does the time warner cable contract begin?
she did the same to me twice lol she truly knows how to interact wit her fans :)
Bummer to hear via that is shutting down.
thanks for the RT. Great suggestions are pouring in.
Disgusted by NC
Elected #Toastmasters Club 151 sergeant-at-arms.
<U+201C>: Regan and George W Bush put the United States in more debt than all the other presidents combined.<U+201D> thanks assholes
You could, lol.
my cries. AND WE WILL GO, OK. NO ANDS IFS OR BUTS. I really need to finish hw omg.
You can't ever gain respect until you show respect first. Your first act of communication is to show respect to whomever you are talking to.
No measure of time with you will ever be long enough, but we'll start with forever. <3
#UKISS_AMAZING puts a smile on my face <3
Nursing pinning ceremony happening right now in Linehan. Woots heard throughout GAC!
It's boot weather, girls! And boys, too, obviously. Cause we know you love them.
i dont even know what to say to these tweets about this tv show anymore
": Your that! Thanks You rock. That is all."
Is being bribed with a Great Dane (all dog food and vet bills included)
., who uncovered Detroit City Hall abuses for , weighs in on firing of saying he was "wrongfully terminated."
Was gonna take a pic of us together but my big headed lil cousin ruined it -_-
stop starting stupid shit ... u are not harley ....
Wow woman
I bet I he killed one of your family members you wouldnt be yellin Free boosie
I knew it was way to good to be true !!!
the white death!!!
If ur a reall man u wouldn't say u love me through a dm! You'd show ur love in front of everyone!
I just sent you an email bro
Do you follow me on twitter? If so, great! If not, please follow!!!
justin is so cute on youre background... GREAT!
Congrats to Brandon Slokowski for being our 500 fan! Please stop by and have a drink on us.
Hahaha nice work. I'm wearing a #Brewers jersey. You come up to me, tell me you're a #Cardinals fan, and expect me to help you?
Yeah, trying to parse out the points people were making was taking too much effort. I have, like, archives-related work to do.
can we get a follow for our card shop?? Best of luck this year
brilliant! so much fun to read.
what the heck?
damn shame. I'm hoping to get some decent lighting shots this season
d'awww you DM your fans that's sweet =) looking forward to your tweets, & thanks for the message!
you are so forgiving Caroline! Was it hard for you to forgive and forget about the cookbook?
I know...I need to do some more research and meet more women in #tech !
disneyland with nick
In the Big Apple! Life could not be better right now
Finally committed to playing the PCA. Just bought plane ticket and booked next door at Riu, hopefully a lot better the shithole Atlantis
<U+201C>: or jesus<U+201D> read this as a solicitation of community preferences- personally I prefer Greg.
Work hard, but still enjoy your life as it is a Blessing to breathe!
I'd send #oomf messages she would want to wake up to...
and I would crank the fireplace at Christmas & call it the Opium Den
Thanks for the shout out!
We are open Monday January 9th! RT so I'm confused. Facebook says you are opening Mon and the article says Sunday?
Fuzzy's!!!
... and maybe also bc he was abused as a child and wished his abuser had had a support network?
my mom isn't listening to my problems :( she's too busy with her darn MacBook.
Al Leiter on MLB Network went MONKEY POO for Bryce. Mike Lowell, laughing, pointed out that Desmond won it!
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
1962 classic theme tune remade for 2012 by Chiltern Railways.
Mildred - the frustration of their dearest hopes
Dammit shouldn't have gone out last night.... Why must $1 wells be so tempting and why am I not strong enough to resist?? Lol
I can't wait for Catching Fire to come out. It's on my birthday next year and I'm so excited!!!!!
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
Its been fun tweeting im a give my fingers a rest and btw my mind going blank
Can't go wrong with fresh spring rolls!
Look at existing homes for the best value - often bigger house & yards for less money than new construction.
it really doesn't matter, just seeing the name. Best one was table reservations for valentines day though.
For every action there is an equal opposite reaction...so don't get upset, it's science.
That's a suprise?!
This weekend with my family >>>>>>>
If that name's taken, I'll name my place "Capps". I'll serve only cappuccinos (w/whole milk) in those little plastic baseball helmets.
smiles don't exist if i'm in traffic lol
text me now valentine
How was your Sunday?
when are your tour dates coming out?!
Like Snakes on Plane. But nerdier. And terrestrial.
Thanks Jessica :-)
asian male who uses a mac not that uses a mac. C'mon u know yr grammar
you see that buzzer beater I'm to hype for this series
Baking cookies today....love making the Christmas cookies!!
glad to do it. We had a blast! Come back any time.
that was the BEST episode a bit upsetting ,
Come to our campaign headquarters this Sunday for a friends and family BBQ! Sun April 15 3-6 pm 4641 Mack Rd 95823. Food & fun 4 everyone!
good luck on your performance tomorrow! Have fun, that's the important part, the rest just happens!
Principal? "We really don't look to use tech for technology's sake alone. It should always be a tool that gets us deeper."
ManU Report: Column: Manchester City ends United<U+2019>s reign and starts the revolution with a bang <U+2013> Washington Post
You need to make it and believe yourself that you are a star. never give up on your dreams. :)
I knew there was something in that spaghetti....lol.
Yep. Pre-meet FTW. Awesome how set up the surprise intro.
my uncle is begging me to find a concert in Hershey this summer so he can take me. okay.
planning on competing or just for self?
Goodmorning #Ballard #Seattle! Please ask us any questions you may have about #Acupuncture & #chineseherbs, Don't be shy :)
You ready for Sunrise? Xx
awesome black talon, thank you so sick!
I duhno <U+2026> More my speed: At the Fluff Festival: Blue Cura<U+00E7>ao, Rum, & others w/ Srawberry Fluff dollop. <U+201C>Coney Island Mens<U+2019> Room<U+201D>
Redwings are 14-22 & last in div., your are 6-0, 1st place & have not allowed a goal all season. Support them Friday!
Thank you-- love your shop!!
why cant austin do a meet and greet in the UK?:(
was that pic sponsored by bud light? Show us the grill later so we can check on those Superbad BBQ skills.
That sounds great nice to see you at whole foods this evening. i will figure out where we met before, one of these days. :)
Too many Dr appts today ):
I hate my current pills, now they seem really boring.
Tested Switchvox with shipment tracking database so that caller can enter order ID and zip code and switchvox will say tracking information!
Submissions for the 2011 San Jose Short Film Festival will open this MARCH, mark your calendars!!!
Thank u i couldnt agree with u more <U+0001F60A> RT : aww she's so beautiful!
Santana with a single will drive in Choo putting the Indians on the board in the sixth. 4-1 Sox
I'll take your word for it!
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Yeah, Did you ask about the movies
iOS app success is a &quot;lottery&quot;: 60% (or more) of developers don't break even - Ars Technica
I wish marriage was like a trading card or coupon so I could give mine to a deserving gay couple...
It could be tough or even impossible to perform #WindshieldRepair the beginning of next week. Rain & repair not a good combination.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Dental Pics and most oral care products.
I Want a Whopper!!
Life is a bitch So Learn how to fuck it .
Lol for who? the blind ;)
<U+00AB> My new song and video Stoned Love this Friday show luv to a young man<U+00BB>
I'm still looking forward to that hypothetical honeymoon. "You are going to be such a ho for your husband."
Fine, i'll forever be alone....again *picks up phone* i'm calling Mama Jagr
": I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care." I really do
<U+200E>. our love is like a song ..
#JarettJack just notched his first-career triple double: 15 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds in 30 minutes
it's cool. Due to my crafty phase, there are lots of those floating around.
Congrats on 3 years Amy!
Has anyone purchased The Ring (remake) on Blu? Worth it?
Still on for 5:15 tonight?
When working out on nearly an empty stomach, supplement with BCAA during your workout for fuel and to spare muscle tissue.
all i did tonight was tweet and listen to music... productive
Looking forward to sharing the impact and value of school libraries with you tomorrow
RT Your wealth is directly correlated to your health.. Be Strong To Live Long! Exercise And Diet is Key!
We want to be somewhere where we can witness the Aurora Borealis as a band and write a groovy jam during the experience.
Am thinking on it. An old friend just asked me the same thing. I'll keep you posted.
I'll see what I can do :) I have no camera is the only problem. We'll see ;)
I'd love to send a copy to the shul library. Thanks very much.
I have school all day then work after :/
Check out our hottest addition Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow
<U+201C>: Thanks Alex!<U+201D>. Yes sir! See you in New Orleans?!
happy bday handsomee hope you had a lovely day hun<U+30C3>
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is Life :) x
can I keep you? (:
#LessAmbitiousFilms Half Plastic Vest
yuhpp uncle key stood me up this weekend lmfaoo I hope he enjoyed his bday tho
Congrats to Bad Nuze for ' Game We Play' charting #121 on the Top National 200 and #39 on The Top 40 Independant Charts the week ending 3/<U+2026>
My north face keeps getting caught on this bong piece.
Let the Lemon Grove City Council meeting begin!
It's normal for a Major League team to have 1.1 errors per game... right? Thats only around 180 errors in a season.
I wanna b your Princess ur everything <U+2665>
High expectations... Let's see(:
Spiderman: Who's 100% in? THIS GIRL
Coming up at 6 on a woman survives an overnight fire in St. Paul.
Some one take me to school please!!!!??!?
just watched that one last week. Didn't love, didn't hate. But, yes, lots of awkward situations going on.
I fucking hate spiders.
yo, so did u have to have the talk or what? Didn't get slapped up while u were sleeping did u? Haha
eww i totally agree. It is just as bad as nails on a chalkboard.
Love u guys Thanks listeners SO MUCH!
For me, it's like, I'll notice an annoying tweet and then check to see if they've tweeted anything worth hanging on to them for.
s/o #NF can I gain some #followers pls
Beautiful wedding day for fantastic day at Huntington Beach!
<U+201C>: I love that haircut I agree you should get it<U+201D> Sweet! I think I'll try it out:)
still searching
Happy mamma day:)!
S/0 to all the sexy followers my niggas grind hard
I believe he is in 2nd place behind Brandon Phillips
: Please hug me and buy me chinese food.// I'm right there with ya
Yall got what yall wanted. Im gone like a ma fucka.
I agree! Looking forward to more conversations. :)
go listen to their songss !(:
It was great talking with you. Saturday will be fun. See you there!
individual negotiate credit card debt. Debt consolidation is the method
sounds good. see you soon!
Patrick was fantastic this morning on the panel. Really great to hear him speak
Is going to Mount Sinai today too see my bitches!!! <3 love you whores <3 <3 MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!! <3
Just arrived in Lexington, KY for this year's INCS conference, "Picturing the 19 C." Looking forward to it!
Beware of my encyclopedic knowledge of 70's arena-rock lyrics
Oh c'mon Brooklyn fine I HATE YOU bastard/slut/whore/cunt/Nigga/bitch!! Jk :P
Until you know that life is interesting - and find it so - you haven't found your soul. ~Geoffrey Fisher
<U+201C>: Sucks some of us gotta kill ourselves doing cardio 2 get lean & there's dude walk at 2.0 & no incline" Dont get me started!
short notice, but i see tickets are still available for the thinking about going... someone talk me into/out of it
Hello , please help :) Where can I get customer support for items ordered via Amazon?
Bamboozle Roadshow in a few. Kind of excited!!
If only lol!
Happy Birthday See you in Catlanta. I'll be the one wearing blue!
They sound like a lovely gift though! Hope she enjoys them. :)
Just watched and absolutely loved #Veep. never fails.
ONLY because I really like my job.
Eh I think I'm getting sick. I'm going to go lay in bed and listen to
hahaha I just lost it
E Vardell- Emergency Access Initiative is a coordinated librarian-publisher response for access to information resources.
That is why I am on a long hiatus, girlfriend. LONG. I call it: Dishwashing my vag.
LMAO!! Awesome! He is the dominate one over our Pitty/Rottie mix lol!
Oh I wish :/ was it fun?
Daytime #drupalcon sessions shouldn't be a huge security issue... staying safe at night in Croydon will be the real concern.
Drowning beloved pet, or drowning random adult? Which one do you save? Thoughts?
And they would be right, ! We follow her from our secret Twitter accounts. But maybe wants a more vapid audience? <U+E105>
But my hero my mom kept on raising her real 4 kids I love her she's a strong women who has learned to move on many years ago
Here's some #LocalLove for Valentine's Day...
Wow, guess every1 is a promoter. Maybe if I had that Mitt Romney money, then I'd try and fail til I found the best one, lol...j/k
Sweet William Regal shout-out.
and I plan on taking major risk in 2012
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Yes, although I can't remember the URL at the moment. I know...this wasn't the most useful tweet ever tweeted.
#nwmra conference mobile research
I need a guy best friend :p
Trying to figure out what to do about Monday's NYT digital subscription deadline.
Heard those 5 golden words from my editor..."You're manuscript has been accepted" -Amen!!
Fingers crossed.
I loved 1Q84 :-P
Is it just me or does Emily remind anybody else of Dolly Parton? I hope she busts out with a little 9 to 5.
We need get those beats together homey
Grizzlies fans are dicks
I can and will :-)
Innovations and SM great benefits but run the risk of censorship across the world. Problems for fundamental freedom of expression.
1 hour until I make my quads scream. I can't wait!
thanks! Enjoy your day.
yo...can you DM me your address...I have to mail you some stuff
I lost count and started countin again.
right back at ya.!!:)
Can't come to IA, but look forward to Harmony 2morrow!
#ff and thanks, Marc!
GREAT planning 2012 session w/ ! Thx to amazing coaching, we knew what to do! Thn a free seminar
Sounds like a good plan!
Would you ever speak about your experience at CC & if/how that may have helped you succeed?
I <3 when trains are above ground crossing the river
You'll call this fate, I call it karma. I look back with honor and no regrets.
"Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time."
She's thinking, "wish I could eat here..."
Hope to meet you if you stop in at Humane Milwaukee...my husband's guitar trio will be providing the music!
Chillen at home watching Snow White& the Seven Dwarfs <3
A big dose of it, YES! (Hey don't forget my address question!)
I miss you on Smackdown!!!!! X'(
I always have liked and appreciated Bill Self. Tremendous college coach
Dudes i listened to the Cloud Nothings today as well...im lovin' it!!
You're the man!! Have an awesome Christmas !! Can't wait to see you play in 2012! #bubbaclaus!
I have an exam in about an hour, have EVERYTHING that will be asked but yet I'm too lazy to revise. I hate my laziness.
My Space Only Has 11,787,435 Users, But Twitter Has Over 175 Million Monthly Users!
but you can't hahaha
'cooler than a polar bear's toe nails...' classic Andre 3000
I hope FUNi didn't use the JP masters for the BD and did their own upscale.
I don't want to sound Depressed but I kinda am. Don't know about though.. Couldn't be a nicer spring evening.
Fully recovered from food poisoning. Typing the address of that deli into my boycott address book.
questioning the logic of the Bus. Office taking staff color printer cartridges from the Public Computer Supplies account...
Money Saving Tip #47: Look for a cheaper place to live.
got to keep her motivated somehow!
There's no place like London.
#Dead. Need sleep. Wonderful weekend with the #trancefamily, we couldn't be any more thankful to have you in our lives :)
what did she text back? (x
RT if you're watching and cheering for the
safe travels cup cake !
This is an odd and somewhat contradictory pov to the admin at Harvard, yes? Also odd bc libraries are leading the way in OA
likewise! Dig the tracks man!
You got it.
and I'm proud to say I'm one of the dudes he follows but in a no homo way!
3 year old anya. Roach, I tell u, this is my house not ur house. I tell u to go home
When I receive feedback on my work that begins with "This is very well written," I feel vaguely insulted.
will you be my #nye #kiss?
that mean a lot of ppl tlkn bout
1. The P numbers were amazingly different than other polling in other races.
yeeeeesss, i know. -.-
Our Blissful Chaos: Carson-Dellosa: 75% Off Winter Clearance Sale
we'd Sept 14, going down!!!! Be there!!! The takeover, I'm Carolina for life!!!
Great Short Sale seminar @ the Ritz Carlton!
Thanks for the follow..
Didn't mind seeing favorite win; solid effort
Your critical insights can provide the stimulus for change, n lord knows we could all use a little of that to keep growing!!!!
haha had to get some southern fast food chicken and sweet tea!
Nora Guthrie giving an educational program on Woody's songwriting to a group of students at USC. Woody's centennial celebrations continue.
I love seeing my country bumpkin rockin the cowboy boots!
we got experience winning rings with starters missing.
you've now been corrupted. Haha thanks for checking us out. Follow us.
Bring the beat in....
Yes my friend was smacking really loud. So i left the room cause it was pissing me off.
One Direction <
lmaooo, thanks Julian for being concerned about my weight if i drink to many monsters, lmfaoo<3
You got it bad!
is the best. end of story :)
the more services I add to twitter the more hellish it seems. not a fan of tweetdeck.. so it's all web for me
Hurray! In the future will you be videocasting muppet-ized interviews as well?
omg. #Kids were up at 5am. So much for ME time. Grrrrr. And they are very lively. THere is no waking up here. They are fully #charged !
Does anyone else think Austin Rivers going pro is a bad idea?
oh... and they're not too far from here....
everyone is different, i fainted when i got mines done but everyone is different it didnt hurt tho its just the after effect
Reservations at 6:15. See y'all there!
love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 23 gentleness, and self-control...
In the streets right now!!!
1/2 hour in gym done as prescribed. Legs ache but not my back thank goodness. Not a brilliant work out but a start. Little steps..
obviously cause you saw me :):)
Ok, so the Epicentre show on 6/18 is back on! Only YMAEWK will not be joining us. =( But Weatherbox is confirmed!
Really hope I get to see you on warped in Orlando(; gotta convince my friends! Haha
#oomf make me smile
You showed it to me last summer. Is it the Nook Color or Nook Tablet?
we were so legit
I'm surprised that when you switched to the old iPad, the lesser screen didn't bother you. That happens to me.
Thanks for the follow! Yay for Design Majors.
Ohh what part ?
Travelling always reminds me how temporary things are. Up and on to the next steps!
I would like to thank for that last pic
Aw! Thank you so much!
Pre-ordered Melissa Hartwig of 's book: "It Starts with Food: Discover the Whole30 and Change Your Life in Unexpected Ways"
#BecauseOfNicki middle school kids are already having sex
You guys, we live in the US.
your arms too short to box...but Thank God your legs are long enough to stump "The Hell out of the devil"
excited for our dinner party next weekend :)
i just ate all the red skittles first.. i dont even want the rest now
love pastry is for shoes pastry acc is for accessories don't have time to be a poser
Thanks so much to Ms. Holbrook , her class, and for a great event celebrating financial literacy month
Family dinner at Cheesecake :)
Choose your battles. Say YES to as much as you can. Will help them to respect the nonnegotiables!
#NowPlaying Sweet and Low by Augustana
lol where you at?
Cross another one off the bucket list: Went diving with the sharks off the north shore of Oahu this morning! Exhilarating!
Did you guys get anything cool for President's Day?
Oh, that was slick Sen. Hill.
thanks. I have that. But doesn't work inside apps.
you might want to check Chris' house.
pretty sure I'm going to live in dresses this summer!
From what we've seen so far, do you believe the Indians will win our division this season?
I wouldn't say racist. Definitely stereotypical though
do you have a favorite nfl team? Have a safe trip!
Thank you for that! Really sweet. :)
Thanks to for showing love!
Awesome! #gobucksgo RT : Ready to take my daughter to her first game of the season! Hopefully she can see !
Not as easy as you might think to buy 70 white pillowcases on the UWS w/o spending a fortune.
I keep forgetting about the #FinalFour -- but it explains why there's not a damn thing to watch on TV. Alas.
Thanks! This is exciting, I can't way to see what selections u chose & looking fw to sharing w/ the kiddo.
I just wanted to talk to you
Success is built on small steps that aren't exciting...lack of commitment allows many to ignore the simple steps chasing after excitement!
how do you like it?
Going to school tomorrow, I don't care. I'm making it through the day. I have too.
The "Let's Be Animals" tour with , and is on the road NOW!
Watch out Vegas! <U+2665>
LMAOOO! Try to cough a little bit too LOL!!!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 53F FAIR
Finally found 's officially real twitter handle! Must.....follow!!
Rest in peace Ron Shock.
About to board the plane, first to Paris, then on to Bucharest. Here we go!
hey can you follow me?? (: and chat me what the thing was because the link isnt working.
Many props to #g1440 for hosting #baltimoreparlay tonight!
+ NOT happy about seeing #zacbrownband CUT-OFF during ur coverage. Not impressed!
Just tapped Blvd <U+2013> Rye on Rye Whisky Barrel Aged Ale.
Chillen eatin pizza with tha momma before I get ready for spring break day 1 :)
Yep, it's not cool. Haha, I'm s Boston sports fan
you are on the right side of history
Pats vs. Ravens. Can't watch, updates on my phone. Sounds like a war.
great to see you supporting the guys on the bench, maybe you are the lucky charm! hope you come back stronger than ever!
Never been so tired in my life <U+0001F623><U+0001F52B>
I'll tell you bout the Kevalution
nothing much, been out with my friends and stuff like that wbu? :)
if yr article goes out of its way to diss me then why the fuck u atting me, bro? please go fuck yourselves forever and die
I slick do miss him!
Kickin' it At the Casa Bored A/F
i have followed
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. ~ Mother Teresa
RT : Headed to India next week - Hyderabad for most of the trip with 1 nt in Agra and 2 nights in Delhi. Any tips? So exciting!
I know! I'm serious. It's pretty cool. Except when you drive up in the middle of the movie and miss half of it lol
Someone tell me who #JessieJ is.
Studies show consumers would pay a week's pay to be the most #fascinating person in any situation. How does your brand help solve this?
Keep Originality Alive!!! ;)
the articles get posted on diff sites.
Starting to network & looking to give MAJOR discounts to a #BRIDE that books their #ONLOCATION hair appt by November 15th! PM for details :)
tonight, International Pop Overthrow San Francisco, Hotel Utah Saloon, 7:30pm, be there or be there!
22 hours in Dallas
Yes, Dracula is good!When Jonathon meets Dracula it gets creepy! It's interesting to see what fears D embodied for Victorians.
Wish I could be at your meet up! have fun!
me too! You should text me...
30 mins wasted on the phone with 3 reps and still can't log in to the insurance company website. Too bad I can't take my business elsewhere
alcataz was a great show
Oh nice - not holding back on obama's previous "evolving" stance on gay marriage, LOL
be careful listening to drake...he known to soften everything around him. Good for laundry though!
RT : 19 days until #Cubs Opening Day!
Online advertising. Listening to StumbleUpon now.
Every time you look at me, I look away. Every time you look away, I look at you. ~typical music class~*<U+2661>
herself, confident and just an all around nice and smart person.
Hello beauty. Missing it. See you Tues.
Cpl hands later, I raise A9o in mp, BB flats, flop J32r, we both check, turn 6, he leads out, I call, river 6, he bets half pot, I raise...
Well 2012, I'm waiting for you to show me how great you are going to be. Or is everyone on Twitter lying?
I sent my mom a Tupac avatar to sing that song to her. She is so confused right now.
Good lookin' out on the Opus X. Thanks!
I'll pop back out later.
Sitting next to getting his dome cleaned up at The Barbers on Sandy Blvd.
thebigdonkey are you still having the problem? we haven't touched anything _;;;
Thank you! and you look great on Newsday!:)
I am geographically challenged...
TAKE A PIC OF HER!
You mean Fred Flintstone wasn't real?????
I'm glad I started drinking vodka....
I just dont understand
Just finished SCUD:The Whole Shebang. Incredible work! Thanks Now where the fuck can I find a venting machine!?
Getting inside the DeLeo bros. musical heads...an eye opening experience for Thanks !
email = out of control
this site is so wrong! What people do with their personal lives is their business! It shouldn't be shared on the internet!
It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me... And I'm feeling good!
You guys are welcome anytime!
. Great service at Evans Toyota on Saturday! They found some problems during routine maintenance and finished same day!
May not be wise to go to San Francisco again in July, I may not want to leave.
it can be done, you just have to customize it for your needs. So excited for you!
Marshalls! Thanks for watching ;-)
You say you're happy to be with me yet you don't stay with me longer than a week
#Globalcensorshipyale starting now with a panel on the effectiveness of online activism. I'll be tweeting from here intermittently until Sun
Give us your Mental, Your Barmy, Your Gotham masses yearning to be Green. Join & Support in #NYC. #RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
#BrianKelly's comments or not...#NotreDameFootball players bond together to beat a classy #NavyFootball team...Congrats all & GO IRISH!
That's why when I order the California Club at TGI Fridays, I ask for no avocado. This girl's a genius. :)
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
life is boring unless you meet someone....
can I be in the story
... We're just not Gonna Be Cool Cuz i'll Kill Yo Lil Ass !
#authorizenet transactions going through, phew!!
Can't say enough about how your teaching has promoted my success! Looking forward to more of the same! Happy 2011!
Just finishing some papers and drinkn some sweet peach tea wbu?
no but really did you text me? Because I told you to text me yesterday at lunch and I got a text from a number I didn't know
Sam Solstice used to say "In this biz sincerity is everything, once you learn how to fake that you've got it made!"
This day in history: Toni Morrison wins the Pulitzer Prize for her novel Beloved (1988)
Happy new year!
Quote of the Day: If we wait for the moment when everything absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin....Ivan Turgenev
RT : Q5) How can (and should) social be leveraged in supporting learning?
Love you sweetie!!! Miss you tons. <3
Dan Orlando just started and sounds great! We're up next at Rohs!
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
Still using Brendon's fone, starting too miss mine but I dnt noe were he put it :(
I'm in D3
more info please
It's a miracle I didn't get my ass kicked on the dance floor last night. Apparently, I forgot other people were out there
uh no? U guys r in the same room
Not a fan of spam.
"If a girl cries for a boy, she really loves him. But if a boy cries for a girl, nobody will ever love the girl the way he does"
Hey, how you doing? Congrats on the #SDCC prize pack from btw. :)
On the road in Kansas City for a few nights. If you like Barbecue, then KC is your town!
thankss spaggnolissss <3 why don't u have break that's like torture ya know ? like ?
#BackThatAzzUp Hell of a song!
92 :( haha ill get you next time!
During the day I'm all bout lookin good, but when i get home i'm dressed for comfort. All the way down to these fuzzy pink slippers ;) lol
What a lovely day dream! I hope to ride the Orient Express one day.
it says it in the bible. God forgives you for all your sins, but he can't forgive you for that because you're already DEAD!
Time to play like #Vegas style baby !!! It's #flyonetime at
quite well. Thesis writing is slow but steady.
I wish I woulda knew earlier lemme know next time you go
Thanks so much! Do u know Brandy Agerbeck? Cool chica- graphic facilitator.
Open your mind before your mouth
I just know that its kinda rockish and a woman sings it.. And that I like it xD lmao one day it'll just hit me (y)
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my bestfriend in this entire world <3 Love you 16 year old (: <U+E328><U+E335><U+E10E><U+E314><U+E035><U+E13E><U+E31C><U+E112> #happysweet16 best sister ever !
When you interview a CEO for Inc., the biz mag, & when he sighs, disappointed, to learn u're not from Inked, the tattoo mag, u're alive now.
it was delicious!!
Hey that suspension is bs and I'm a ravens fan..they should have a flag football league for the commish
Not anymore :'(
you're welcome. Looking forward to reading more of your great tweets!
Follow me please:d FOLLOWED
Out picking up my step-mom Bday cake with my lil bro
They will tell themselves they got cheated and all will be right again. They've done it for years.
FWD: Yay! Today is PETA's 30th anniversary! :) Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today. Spread the word! <3 peta2
Kieboom with a nice shot to mid-left field, scores 2. #Clemson still on top of #1 #FSU, 8-1 B4.
hell i wouldn either its cold as hell up there lol
The rain makes me melt.
Spent a big part of the day making marketing videos with my new Flip video camera. Now I get to edit. Yay! :)
how long does the poster take to come usually? I got my shirt/bracelet more than a month ago and still no poster...
Indeed. These are truly healing, aren't they...
Did you get the jumps from yesterday?
Went to sleep fine. Woke up with a 102 temperature. FML
Good morning! Did anyone have a #SUBWAY breakfast? April's featured $5 footlong is Bacon Egg and Cheese and we've got BOGO 6" subs til 9am!
I'm down always go to my friends lake house on memorial day
Yes, you are correct. (did I really just admit that?)
You want more? Ok. John boehner to american people: "thank you, william harry harrison. And chester a arthur certainly had a hand as well."
Go see Red Tails y'all!!!! If we don't support who will! This will determine the future of African American cinema!
Please don't turn on that light... Ugh
Thanks to for being such an informational and helpful
Had a beer with and Patrick Fox and talked about web fonts, backbone.js, and the how we're
People of NYC, do yourself a favor and go see this <U+201C>: Playing a free show for Diesel Jeans on Tuesday."
Jaymz is watching Gumby holiday DVD...painful yet he can't take his eyes off it...!
You're The Zombie Still Up !!! Look At Youu Cuhh Loll What Are You Doing
have a good day :)
Of course I oversleep by 40 minutes the day of an off-site meeting. Thankfully it's just downtown. Ugh.
Happy Monday!
I don't even think I was born when Gabrial Eglasias or whats his name was on it either lol
Bunnies scare me. They have such creepy eyes, especially the ones with red eyes. Blah.
Cotto needs a knockout
#EarthDay celebration happening now on Market St. Corridor, nxt to City Hall. Stop down for music, eco-stories, local food & more til 1pm.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
love patois. Hit cochon too
Show some support to your towns locals and tag us in a #musicmonday with all your favorites! We'll send out free DDE bracelets to all who do
your one of those.....
I'm on my hands and knees I will meet you anywhere in Baltimore tomorrow please it'll be my birthday
If you have a photo of yourself in 67 or MTNG send it to me to post! Or 'share' the photo with us yourself :)
I am so envious. So envious.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH, MAKE A WISH AND SAY<3
#congrats Nathan Fillion your TV best Drama Actor
I never tire of watching
dont be scared of the come up fool
what a great weekend casting done
Because I'm a lazy butt who should be studying. And I'm still at the top, I only keep going because of who's my voice.
OMG!! I FORGOT Jorge Antonio Vasquez && M'f Whisper Red IM GOING TO DELETED THE VIDEO AND DO IT AGAIN
The one that talks forever?
Absolutely, Dutch is fine. Cataloging librarians should not be limited by language.
Leaving memphis going to new orleans
Very cool shot! Happy Holidays :)
I wanna see The Avengers..
HERE, YOU FOCUS, SO I CAN SEE YOUR FACES. THE EYES ARE WRONG
Well, work in the morning.. got to get some sleep. My weekend is over. Busy week ahead.
Hey did you know there is a 5% cash back bonus at restaurants when you use your Discover Card!?
morning austin((:
Fact: I heart you! Had so much fun hanging out yesterday. A must repeat soon :)
Sarah Burton Wins <U+2018>Designer Of The Year<U+2019> at British Fashion Awards 2011 Alexander McQueen successor, Sarah Burton, has two dresses in
lol. Yup! Going on about 6 hours for me now. What about you?
I have no regrets in my life only bad memories..
Turn To You Made Me Cry :')
Grilled Chicken Skewers
Go ! Keep us posted. Would love to see pics...
hi. I love you and miss you. come visit me :)
I don't hate Lebron, but facts are facts. I think Lebron had his best year ever this year.
I must say that 21 Jump Street had me laughing like crazy.
Unbelievable!!! Where are the votes???
Oh. Good luck with it!
and you shall have...
Community Calendar: Week of April 18-24, 2012 - The Rock River Times
I'm down with that.
Junior Seau dead?
U on your way to work
I'll be here, Have a non-ALA committment 5-6 or so, but pizza after would be lovely.
lol I hope so nigga... u be slacking lol
Thank you!
I wish someone would actually just say that. ;)
Long, not so awsome day. Found a mega dent in my ride, dr says my eyesight is worsening, dentist says I have 2 cavities (my 1st EVER)
yayyyy! Welcome Alicia :)
Aced my Law test, yuup.
I love the way you've been drawing Skull's expressions lately. So fun.
I think I would have just walked off without taking the exam.
Back to bed for reading and snuggling with kitty while it rains!
Yezzir!! RT : The Bulls woulda ran through the East with Derrick, no problem.
Be Sure & Tune in to today from 3-4pm PST... Bringing you the dopest tracks to medicate to...
yeah. I heard.
Will today be YOUR Day?
If you change a hotkey every time it's not what you expected, any #photoshop user can learn #GIMP in a day. Isn't 2.8 a great time to do it?
RT : good to see you here and lets get the party started. - (It's good to be here!)
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo. You ain't nothing but a hoe. You think you're cool, you think you're classy, but to us, you're just trashy.
Good post, and totally agreed. If it's like a job, they should get paid.
He did...like 5 years ago (2005) just before he started on Criminal Minds. Look again
How is there not a hashtag for an e-Learning conference?
that was the pic i took, for your icon :)
OK, who doesn't love Bubba Watson. He was just talking about how important his faith is to him. Way to go Bubba
Thank You! Pls join along on FB - I love the interaction! I'll will check out your .com page tonight - running out the door!
Thank the man upstairs for another day..lil wayne"yeahh" on repeat
Go Brew Crew!!!!!
No way! My mom thinks it's a total load of crock. The four of us turned out well, and we all find her cool... so, you're good.
#SO to #300. Who's it gonna be? You?
Big week ahead - happy Monday New Yorkers! Don't get caught in the rain!
Thank you, I tried really hard, haha.
Listening to good music on a rainy day, keeps the tyranny of my mind at bay.
RT : My resolutions for () and day were just adopted by the Council.
I challenge you to a duel in poker..texas hold'em? Im from az so lets battle!
Welcome back! MT Chelsea vs barca got goalfest written all over it, looking forward to tasty challenges in first 15.Treat yrslf
Flyers should be embarrassed by their lazy effort! Deserve to lose!
I love my mom and I'm so grateful I get to see her everyday. I appreciate everything she's done for me. Happy Mother's day mommy <U+0001F49B>
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
#ImMadBecause I didnt save my project for my video class and my computer just crashed...
try wing house
Cruz control!
aw! I wish I was off
On way to daytona 500 with !!! neber been to nascar race b4.
right 2 focus on educ, especially 3rd grd literacy - but this will require strengthening IA's early childhood system
when the hell are they gonna invent time machines?? #manonthemoonbutnotimemachine ?
My mom cries over ever damn show or movie
keep up the good work
Blazers say LaMarcus Aldridge is on his way to Vail, CO to get soreness in his hip checked out. Questionable for Wed game vs Warriors.
So happy it's Friday! 8 hours of work then 2 days of fun at ! Big kid fun with my bro and my cousin!
I don't know how you do it but you are one of the best character actors I have ever seen
That is nice, and I bet a huge relief.
yes! I feel special :-)
TGIF! <U+201C>Don<U+2019>t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.<U+201D>---Charles Schultz Have a great weekend!
RIGHT? She better bring that stuff, that natural stuff, that curly or som - SUMMER HAIR. That's it!
Of course on the warmest day of the week it has to rain.
uff, bet that hurts. and secondarily - what??? all in one sitting?
ew don't start with your cursis! But you're Welcome... & thank you too lol ok moment over
lmao I do, everytime. Especially when a guy I like ask me that question ! -_-
We are 2 blocks away from the Fullerton stop on the #151 bus. Hop on the #cta and come check us out!
I hope you had a good on this day..with love your biggest fan :)
Elena Schaefer & her opponent from New Mexico heading to tiebreaker 3rd game in #1 girls singles...
lmao do you plan on doing anything tomorrow?
'she's like the Susan B Anthony of dumb asses.'
I wants to follow back!!!
This headache needs to go away ASAP
Who all stand in place of those that forgot me. I commend you. it must be a hardship to conduct such villainy in the face of grace.
But seriously, if & really had light bursts shooting out of their boobs I bet they could score on Japan.
Hanging out with the frattiest of guys. And watching basketball.
thank you!
I found you BABE
Me too. I hope if this does come to court & she has to testify that they do all the same things they did for the Rutgers guy
Time for another cup-a tea before lunch.
shut yr face
Horny is the King of making men do stupid stuff. Just ask B Petrino and T Woods.
I'm happy for you! You have worked hard for it.
lol hopefully I will get it in the summer went I go up north!:)Thanx
How's everyone? :)
I wanna go see Chimpanzee on friday!
#Avengers all up in ma face tomorrow @ midnight!
I guess Hal Holbrook will have to get another job?? Or is he just the "boomers'" Mark Twain :-)
#ThankYou Foundation for your renewed charitable support this holiday season. Your generosity = Justice for vulnerable DC seniors!
What is this YALB you speak of?
I'm excited. :) hahaha I went to tag you in this and your picture showed as a guy taking a mirror pic lifting his shirt hahah
Turned on my coffee machine and came back 10 mins later to find hot water in the pot. Guess who forgot to put the coffee in.
Yes. They will get an appointment time to pick their room.
Ah, it's Friday and who's in the mood for some de-lish Magnolia Bay Toffee? Stop by and see us on ...we open at 11!
Have 3 pgs of notes from the race & burlesque session, but here's my takeaway: "White women did not invent sexual agency."
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hi Mitt!" Thank you and I'm here all week.
#WhyiGive We give because the gift itself is tiny compared to the heart that gives it.
Fireworks in Pacific Palisades! Happy 4th, pals!
OH ITS ON BBY
lifetime subscription to lexisNexis ?
My gym has so many tv screens it's like being inside the internet, and not very relaxing.
In Texas ?
MT ": I believe the two greatest inventions of man are central air and the attached garage (a necessity where it snows!)"
you have a penguin on your head sir
intentional fouls should be 2 shots plus teh ball, rondo didnt even try to steal the ball, he just grabbed the dude from behind
Heart just sank. feel like I'm gonna cry. Yes... Guys cry. Haha
Those Chrome Zebra Sassy Nails are looking great! Time to get your party on!
Thanks for tweet my article!
Hope the #LTDArmy had as much fun this weekend as we did!
LETS GET A WORLD RECORD RETWEET THIS
Not dead, just busy. Happy May Day to all.
should do a song with !
I never thought I'd feel the sting of closing. As an employe, and a customer, I'm deeply sad.
Whats good man,Do you have a contact for production?
thanks man!
"The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and those who dwell therein."~Psalm 24:1
you are my hero... way to venture out of the comfort zone. Kumquat Marmalade win?! see you tomorrow ;)
90 minutes until it gets real raw at Trivia style.
I guess here's a thing: if I've given you program or library advice multiple times without a thank you, I'm going to stop responding.
Indiana got a lil nic squad
Woow your a bad girl cause you speak slang, it's like me saying I'm a smart child cause I can work out 2+2, get your fucking facts straight
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is an old dude who is European or often travels to Europe. Pony tail optional.
- Marla, yourtwitter account has been hacked - I recommend you change your password immediately
RT : Looking to rent this summer in #ROC? Check out - Free Newdigs Renters guide at #RCR2011; you'll be impressed!
I think its better if were just friends. you're cute & all, but were both shy people & nothing will be accomplish the way things are at now!
. never used his laptop during #lma12. Used his iPad the whole time. Including blogging.
2 for 50 for everyoone hit me up in the inbox tatt deals
MWP thinking I should have elbowed Westbrook now instead of Harden during the regular season.
Sadly, I won't be at RT this year, but I'm sure you will all have a fabulous time!!
Now playing - the bay (Erik Allan remix) thanks to Ray Milian and
is in control...
Good stuff.
Yeesh. Life sentence for not snitching. That's tough.
4 finals down 2 to go, over half way done
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665>
Halloweentown high..love it!!!
From Justin (10:00am): All strong storms are just to the north around Oshkosh and Appleton. Travelers watch for flooded roads.
#ThingsIwantTheMost is what every Directioner wants... One Direction ;)
Its working!! :)
You inspire me. #doveinspired Ms. Sweet and smart and sassy!
Just put AP on the board - went for $26; wish he had gone higher for strategy. $200 budget.
If you don't try new things, you won't learn new things.
Finally got Twitter <3 Gaby !
Is back in Philly. Woot-Woot!
my #sales ebook is more about YOU, inside, than teaching you "sales techniques."
No blogging after 11 pm! This new rule is suiting me quite well, I must say.
happy birthday sissy :)) !!!
Brian Price!! QUESTION 2: Who was drafted in the same round with me to the #Bucs the year I got selected?
Sad news about Red Sox announcer Carl Beane, killed in a car crash near Sturbridge Mass. R.I.P
Let's start the day with a hacked iTunes account. Suddenly the crate of cd's I was about to pitch sound a lot better...
"Harness the power of social media and use it for your purpose" #socmedcon WOW, I like this!
love you cutie<3
thanks for the follow. Hope all is well.
That moment when you feel helpless cause you can't help your best friend...
Food time than more gym !
I know you've missed it...but it's back! Pick up the on stands now!
I needs a drink lol
i deleted my account...
I miss my truck it is like a kid to me other words I miss my kid :(
nope. just cropping. i click, box appears anywhere. totally unrelated to my mouse position.
Last night was awesome! stoned as hell : P
nigga u took my ipod!
WHO WHO. im an owl
I love it there. One of my favorite places in this area.
All I ask is that today goes by quickly, well...the rest of the week too.
I have an action adventure movie for a group of 8-10 year old girls! It's a high concept movie perfect for Disney or anyone else interested<U+2026>
OK, *now* I can actually watch #GameOfThrones on the DVR. I hope it's another good one!
thank you for coming up big last night! Go hard Saturday gators/nuggets style!
ha YES! <U+201C>: Down at before the game. The famous Liz is waiting tables tonight. #CBJ #nhl<U+201D>
He has an in-grown toenail.
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter Had to make it because this one keeps acting weird. Please follow on the new one
Monster energy drink + me = me hyper!!(:
Got an email that I'm locked out of an account. To fix this, click 'reset password' on the 'user details' screen... yeah
RT : That just has me rolling. I'm imagining how many ways a sombrero can be turned into an elaborate derby hat.
you shut it, oh they notice, they notice
on the show lol . it seem like they try to play her as a dumb blonde because she isn't as smart as them but is still smart
if in two years FICO scores are generated from debit cards, we can say we were there to hear about it
Just seeing this new twitter outline.....kinda like it!! :)
Excellent!!! Email coming your way :)
A bunny. As in the energizer bunny. B/c the party keeps going&going&going.. RT : If was any animal, it would be a<U+2026>
do I lose points for spelling crustacean wrong? #crustacean Thanh Long 1971
Junior High Plays...
I've never colored my hair either, but I've been wanting to try it. I think color would look great on "The Rachel."
wow you and 4 other people looks like rager
let them hate we just win
no? Lol how does that even make sense?
JUSTIN TUCK needs to put the #NEWYORKRANGERS on his back and win game 7 #he'salreadydoneitinanothersport
Had the weirdest dream with one direction, enjoyed it though ;)
word...?what u think of the ep
Greetings! We are a beauty-bar boutique that carries BODY BLING #thebest!!! Plz #supportstartups and follow us! THX!
I was with Mr 50 packing sweet potatoes into mesh bags for hungry families in NYC yesterday
Don't tell me what to spend my money on. There are times when I am going to buy useless shit.
eating clean today wow I feel so much better check out Mymaxmuscle on youtube coming soon
Excited for the VDay soiree at w/, & Nothing says "I love u" like mac 'n cheese
RT : RT : RT : "True Clarity & Purpose Emerge, When We See Ourselves - As We Truly Are." ~ Eleesha <U+2192>
does it cost me anything? Haha
Tonyc summer jam july 3rd! Biggest event to hit SA! This year. I have free tickets to get in! Hit me up for some.
#OpeningNight baseball season is here
Thanks so much! Let us know what time and he said he will do it :)
hahahaha lol I will!! Sorry my mind went blank hahaha
I just clicked the hashtag USMNT and lawled while reading it.
Food truck season is in full swing!
I saw that this morning, glad to be on the CNN radar. Bring it on! Lets go
Do you still RT and tweet you fans??? :)
New favorite soda: Dr. Pepper 10
thanks for the follow!
Well, we got one, but it wasn't pretty.
Apologies, world, but it appears there is a new Lady Gaga video that I'm obsessed with. I know.
A-G Requirements: We need to raise our voice to stop the ongoing threat of the elimination of the <U+201C>arts<U+201D> as part of the curriculum.
I miss her so much
Can't wait to mix with Mike Watts this weekend.
What a great show last night at The Blank Club! SUPER packed and great Energy! Thanks Everyone!
Haha RT : Bob Costas finally looks TALL while interviewing Derby jockeys.
Try dropping your jaw a little before and during your swing to release tension. Fun to be back outside coaching.
life is great!!!! only 13 days till my son is born acording to his due date!!! <3 <3 <3
Last week was incredible and this week is sure to be too! Make plans to join us tonight at 7! Bring somebody! Only 4 C4's left
I am a fan or should I say Psycho!! :0)
What's your number????
Keep being funny, the world needs you.
Slept ALL day yesterday, turns out i'm allergic to some antibiotics i was prescribed and broke out ALL OVER in hives. It was terrible!
I hate when people say you never talk to me anymore wtf the phone work on both ends you got hands !
It's National Gumdrop Day?! Is there a conspiracy to make me gain 20 pounds?
I love how I'm getting ready for work and and are always still up tweeting. Go to bed Kenye!
Nobody is perfect...
Agreed. I've been saying the same ever since the Oklahoma St game
O, you all are such jetsetters! I want to go to Brazil, do you want a travel buddy? Haha ;)
No more spending money though hah broke as a joke right now. I just figured I don't want to miss anymore days so just did it
damn my la dawg
RIP Christopher Hitchens, 62. Houston, TX - dead of esoph. cancer tonight. You'll be missed, just finished "God is Not Great"
Just read your article in #Carpinteria magazine, congrats! All of our family is from Carp & SB. You're an inspiration!
so my name can't Larry duh
#Oman They are necessary and easily procured at the fish market in Muscat (no joke). BYO feather boa x
It has 2 b a penalty or at least no line change, or d-men will just bat pucks to teammates for whistles on long d-zone shifts
watching some movie ..... Thinking . Ya know ?
Yes and Me Too! RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there. I'm relaxing and watching on TV then some grillin'
Thanks for the mention Amy!
Let's rock it: tonite 8p The Comedy Store (Main Room) for a fundraiser show-proceeds go to suicide prevention
The Ghosts of
When I was a kid, people used to say "You can buy any Elektra record. Everything on Elektra Records is good." -->
Pretty sure med school is teaching my gf how to human centipede....
Where are we on rain delay status? This works out great since I can't watch the game at the moment.
nope im gettin tomorrow
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man ~ Paulo Coelho
Make DIPTHONG!! The word of the day ;) for tmar
The worst pain a parent could ever imagine; to loose a child.
watching alex on younow!!! please follow me alex ()
I might have to stop following The Prez is totally clogging up my twitter feed.
Can't hate someone for looking good in heels...XD
Thank you!! Hope your having a great day its beautiful outside!
We're loving your technology use. Thanks!!! Interesting play-by-play
May 1, commemorating 1886 Chicago riots after a strike for the 8 hour workday, is a national holiday in 80 countries but not the US.
feb 20 cant get here fast enough! #bbw..the originals!
This week I am reading an advance copy of Attica Locke's The Cutting Season.
Anyone chillin at Thompson this evening?
lmao yep . im out late night creeping lmao .
Still working on this Costco bucket of mayo...
Little Miss I GIVE Up.. is what I need!
"you're all grown up now?!?"
Glad took the W. Good guy that deserves it.
I'm like that chick from Men In Black I swear, whenever I'm sad it rains.
Foundations paper officially done! Time to start working on WC paper. Done on 12/13 with Fall 2011! YAY!
There's no such thing as yoloing to hard(; words of Kevin.
I feel amazing #hardworkout it's pays off <U+0001F44D><U+0001F3C3><U+0001F4AA>
my elusive email Twitter friend, sending a #ff your way!
": really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x" omg avocados = <3
Leon Rappolo, Albany "Barney" Bigard, , Charles Ellsworth "Pee Wee" Russell, Bob Wilber
i can do this
followed. follow me? :)
See you guys at Bogarts!
MT : "There is no marketing cure for providing a poor customer experience" from workshop!! So true!!
upload dem pics from dallas - Brandon Glover
Watching Beavis and Butthead and wondering why my parents let me watch this when I was 6 years old.
Anything you pay at earns rewards, payments to do not. Just pay with a credit card you connected
after I hit a deer I've been the same way!
Reading the most amazing book - "A Framework for Understanding Poverty." Should be required reading for
Edouard Manet...beard of the day...that's what we say. Check it out...www.greatbeardsofhistory.com
Its mad funny when niggas get rashed tryna be hard body
Congrats on all your amazing awards you've received since 2009. We just received the newsletter.
yeah!! (: and Ikr!?!? Ugh it would be amazing!! Maybe tomorrow I'll try to get people to tweet #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin! Haha
Great job Indianapolis. The Super Bowl Host Committee did a fantastic job!
You can do it!! I know you can!
lol yes I SHOULD , but we don't do ANY work , so I use it as my personal music class !
Yes yes yes
Fun at the We Are Ohio phone bank. Talked 2 a man for 15 mins. He challenged me...but I think I convinced him to vote NO on Issue 2!
What am I doing? Not giving a crap, and stealing Ian's USB port.
Keep us posted on your talk!
That makes you a dumbass then right? RT "Stupid people are dangerous."
Glad you like it. It was written more of a rant than anything. I love people that push me, Don't be contrained to a box.
Sorry for some but I must state that I love central air! I'm straight coolin, I'm coolin coolin, I'm coolin.....
It's tough to choose a healthy option when you're craving. Skinny fiber WILL HELP YOU STOP your cravings....
Wait....really?
Obama's Taylor Gourmet order: the Spruce Street
Fuck facebook its like myspace
I know what team your talking about what division??
Love it.. Following ;)
Reminded me of the old Braveland Conf. ... where Falls North will always crush Falls East. :)
it always snows in Amarillo before Halloween
Southern Ivy sale for foxfeld races I expect to see our minutemen there!!
tell me
I'm bout 2 read my bible & pray b4 I go 2 sleep, I just got off I'm really sleepy but got 2 give god some time 1st
Come on Skinny Love what happened here
What the teacher says: You may now begin the test. What I hear: May the odds be forever in your favor
well said
seriously! one of the only cures for a hangover.. and I thought it was just me :)
Nigga's started dancing soon as he walked up.
I<U+2019>ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. <U+2013> Andy Rooney
#thingsmyroommatesays Rachel: I have an essay due tomorrow morning....Oh, well back to tumblr. hahaha
Excited, anticipatory vibe here at Eileen Brady's campaign party! Results come down in 3 minutes...
Let's get it on, yeah, y'all can come along ;D
#boyfriendreview im pretty sure you got this already but.. ITS AMAZING!! AND ITS ON REPEAT ALL DAY(: #FollowMeIfYouSeeThisTweet ? <33
I am the street.
someone remind me why I chose to go to a CHARTER school..
Howie Kendrick out for the year
It's just that is so so right.
What do yopu do?
At least Obama had the integrity to remember eating dog.
I love beating Scott at Scrabble!
Everything's coming up Koyaanisqatsi.
That's awesome!
Where did you get that list? Wouldn't mind having it handy as I knock on doors.
haha... Hey, my voodoo doll worked. Kendall Marshall = broken wrist. Though, i wouldn't wish real injury on anyone. Just losses.
I just text those lyrics to my mom. She's going to tell me to go to bed
the name haha
I love your pic
The only time I won't want you next to me in bed will be when our daughter has a nightmare because she'll need her Daddy.
Fuck u rangers
awesome pic. Is that in your apartment? Looks super cute!!
This time tomorrow I plan to be making eye contact w
I <U+2019>ve been watching House M.D. since it first aired in 2004, and I can safely say that last night <U+2019>s <U+201C>Risky Business <U+201D> was a stea
U replyed back to my tweet a while a go i know u busy but i not gonna stop tweetin for u !!! zswaggers FOREVAH!!!!!
Been keeping up with my best friend all day it would be 2 yrs next month when she loss her mother
for a long time they have been chanting that. It is a NJ thing.
What's this? I can't click on it.
Creating something that is interoperable internationally from the user experience.
OR I COULD JUST STAY UP ALL NIGHT.
Thank you!!
unexpected appearance by #petergabriel in my pandora radio feed. the afternoon improves dramatically
Lotus Temple New Delhi | Travel Guide
off to speak at All Saints Church in Pasadena, with guitarist Paul Viapiano. Gotta beat the marathon traffic...
Got my Cell Shield SM5100B from as always the red packaging box is just beautiful!
Lawmakers Wade Into Partisan Dispute Over Student-Loan Interest - San Francisco Chronicle
Sun chips garden salsa is so good
#FooFighters brought on Butch Vig, cool, long live Seattle grunge!
lol just say it :P
Chabala is getting dropped from my fantasy team on principle.
Thanks sister
can't just tell me, cool !
I think he should dm me back</3 Haha
No romance, no talkin, just sex
The Twestival is coming back to Boulder. Stay tuned for more details..., It's gonna be even better than the last one.
If you didn't see already, is doing a shoot with today at 2pm starting at the Little Italy stop. Join us!
! Thank you for the amazing support of our up coming gala!
Come join #UNLVCSUN as they present the #Rebels fighting #obesity on May 5,10am-3pm. Support a great cause and have fun at the same time!
well...its still not swearing if I'm only saying the letters ;)
You speaking to me naturally and spiritually pastor! Lol Good word!
anyone got a whiskey fest ticket they wanna sell me? c'mon!
TY great ppl
Can't tell if that NJ tanning mom is an Onion story or what.
Backstrom has been solid for the #Caps but Tim Thomas did not like the extra attempt
#stia11 evening session to build conference community, maybe 100 people seeking to meet and share
just placed my first Facebook ad. Hopefully it'll attract some new clients!
": having a great time at our Black History Month event! Can't wait for "
#bookaday GOOD LUCK, ANNA HIBISCUS! and HAVE FUN, ANNA HIBISCUS! by Atinuke Love this series set in Africa
I know same!!!
How's everyone's morning going?
RT : Rondo's 8th career Playoff triple double (13, 12 & 17) tonight leaves him just one short of the rest of the NBA combined!
Dear Job Applicants, Yes, we DO notice how long it takes you to fill out a basic application. Just FYI.
I need to stfu and go to sleep...
Great work with Alex tonight! Long time coming!
I gotta do dis I gotta do dat, I gotta go here I gotta go dere...
haha,that's some crazy shit.
<3 thanks buddy. I know, your right but it was the foulest thing someone has done to me
Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin
Adore Glimmertrain for submitting short stories, they are one of the best for up and coming emerging writers!
Hey <3 i love you
": OMG what a first half, but I know what is coming up in the second.... #SpursDomination" hell yea #GoSpursGo!!!
#getrich 1) Follow Your Passion 2) Don't Be Afraid to Fail (they all did) and then 3) Give Back - I wish I would have tivo'd that one
Milwaukee!! 1:00 a.m. Saturday near Water and Holton streets.Pedestrian Injured After Being Hit By Vehicle. Watchout people !!!!!
Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza.
hey mama! I figure that you're not getting my texts because I ain't gettin no reply, but let's hangout today!
gum balls yum
Jello and rainbows seem to be the theme on Pinterest today...anyone else seeing this?
Letting the original speaker have the voice rather than placing interpretation on it allows other stories to come through as well.
Gotta love a Tuesday night slump buster!!
Ha! Better your head than your heart
Saved By The Bell!
I use to cut up oranges and put them on my desk while I did HW because I read the citrus scent keeps you awake and alert :)
Thanks to all of our supporters. Enjoy your holiday! From, A Whale of a Tale
"The most stressful thing you can do is try and stay where you are and hold on to what you've got." Think multiply not stagnate. Sullivan
no kidding he's come a hell of a long way
Crying </3 I miss my dad soo much. Wish he could be here to see me grow up, I hope I've made him proud...
I've found a work around - I can place jpgs which will work in most cases - just a bit disappointed in Adobe's response I guess
#ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon .. tampons in paris . ahahah haallaa. and i shall not ever do that.
Snow Answer: Labor costs a company a lot more because of healthcare law. Insuring your employees is expensive. It will be resolved
"you should've come with us!" "well, inviting me would've been nice..."
this girl voice is so annoying<U+2026>
Made all my little brothers and sisters dinner and desert tonight. Love them so much! Even though they drive me up a wall -
#ICantDateYouIf your past boyfriends where found face down in a creek
Ill go with u to broadway, but u gotta come back up here and come up to Supperclub wit me
#shoutout to all of your Texas fans love you Mikey we all wish u a happy birthday and your present is having us fans around
This bucks game...
Use LinkedIn Answers to network and earn expertise in your field
": Love the #innovation in #music #videos brings - presenting at #nyvm. Awesome A&R discovery angle too."
yea bra!
very jealous..I just found out they have one in the ville which is pretty dangerous
Thanks for the follow , , , , and ! Looking forward to keeping in touch...
If any of you have the 'Twitter', you can 'follow' me on it.
My 5-year-old says to me: "Dad what movie is that billboard for?" I say it's called Cabin in the Woods and it's a horror movie.
I am all Bulls and cannot stand the Knicks, but we are all people and treating each other so terribly breaks my heart. Sorry for that
lol, I'm sorry! At least y'all are going to Staples now, right??
None of it might have happened without your role, Michael. Thanks!
RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
Excited to get my women's tee later this week!
An Epic Fail Can Only Lead To A Monumentous Rise....-Breeze DTA-
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads! We appreciate you and love you!!
Getting comfortable w/1.3. Wish for: narrow columns, clicking on Growl notif opens tweet, trackpad side scroll, search in columns
never seen a bad game there. And if you're on a bay run during a game, you can stop for filed level view out in right for free
tumblr post limit + being sick and unable to leave the house all day +lack of human interaction = i am extremely antsy and easily aggravated
..and 6 from Chandler...Boo! ": LaMarcus Aldridge is five possessions from fouling Brendan Haywood out."
what year did we play in ATL?
Wheels are falling off the Pacers bus...
telescope hunt massive hidden object in space
yeah of course!! Right after I'm done watching Smash! :P
Took the #kindle back and bought myself an #iPad xD
Me and my babe were shopping at Walmart for like 3 hours smdh
Need your boarding pass printed securely? Send to we'll show you how in the delight booth #Xerox hall 8b
I wish you luck in the Amazon Breakthrough award. I wil enter next year when my book is done.
I'm home already -_- lol RT Good luck! ": Gotta take exams today. Wish me luck!"
Tempted to put weave in my head just until my hair finishes going through this ugly phase lol
I think I have ADD
It's ON! How about this Wednesday?
is Mia Talerico your real daughter or related to you? you two look so much alike :)
thanks man! Glad u checked us out! Help us spread the word n keep in touch dude!
Your real nature is pure Consciousness. You can experience it by withdrawing your identification with the three material bodies.
1st time @ a silent dance party tonight. Group was rocking to trance, me to Mimoo's All I Want For Christmas Is You on loop. AWESOME
In the money
new image. preparing for version 3.0
Many thanks to my great guests on #99JAMZCommunityVoices this am.Time for breakfast now.I'm making homemade biscuits for Dad who's visiting.
I may have edited some NYE pictures. If you don't like them I can give you the originals and you can go Fuk yur self #KThxBy :P
Fellow bicyclists: WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?! WAIT 'TIL THE LIGHT TURNS GREEN, GETTING TO YOUR DESTINATION A MINUTE LATER THAN YOU WOULD IS OK!
Take note T-Swift. That's how you kill a performance.
On my way to drunkness now fuck the bs! Haha
cappuccino recharge at Halcyon! Blues band at Blue Moon Bar was best entertainment of night so far. Kickass old man harmonica! Next...!
Didn't like it? It was dull until the last 15 minutes. Then it hit all right notes. Especially the last shot.
how was it Adriely? Will you pass :)
I hope he's alright! Sending good vibes & wishes.
" Dont Be Afraid To Face The World Against All Odds "
I totally agree. Too bad there aren't enough who can deliver!
we sure are! I'm not downtown tonite, but I will be tomorrow. DM me and we can make a plan.
Get your coupon working... Keep money in your wallet and water out of your ipod
I saw you all over the Where Conf schedule. Looking forward to seeing you there. Will be around?
: How is the Treasurer elimination effort going? All of your politicking on twitter makes a good case for it!
what up bro!!!
Why does the cane-pulling music sound like we're lost in a field of hay during WW2?
everyone looking for update on #UHbsb for today follow he is engineering the game from the ESPN 1500 studios
just this week?
I'll walk slow, take my hand, help me on my way.
thanks. Would love to ship it up your way, but less than a truckload refrigerated gets awful pricey.
july 13-15 jacket is on sat. The 14th
#1: #CRM is all about adoption. Data management is everyone's responsibility. Systems don't fail, ppl do. Must manage data process.
When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour.
The one with nothing to hide is always the one left standing tall.
People are always more important than numbers. Happy people make happy numbers...which make even more people happy.
just saw you guys up at MGM and respectfully didnt say hello. Hope the biginning of your stay in the DIRTY D has been great
Did someone say hybrid?
of course he speaks english + the spanish lyrics came out in the bottom
Heading to work around Newbury St? Stop by our shop for FREE coffee, espresso drinks, and baked goods from 8am-10am this morning. Yes, FREE.
Stop bein somebody else man, when you can be you man
is it the my American gypsie wedding show?
Okay(: thanks.
I love the food there. $29 for three courses, and drinks are $1 each - you will leave very full!
Someone remind me why I didn't switch to Chrome earlier, again?
god morning! just thought i'd throw it out there since i'm having a great one :)
Thanks Certified retweeter
awesome! Please share what you learn!
Oh girl, you HAVE to pick #dragracesharonneedles!
My Packers played like shit today, and did not deserve to win. JFinley you are worthless. Ugly game by everybody.
"We're a favorite setting for private parties, #banquets, and #family celebrations. Call (317) 264-3585 to speak to a catering consultant!"
driving? spring break with the boy? college tours?
#IADMIT I Get A Little Freaky Around You... You Start It but I Just Finish It
Gay.. Asains cant see
I'm on a plane. I'll be in paradise in T minus 6 hours.
I can't imagine the Crestwood one is either. Never see anyone in there.
Sunday April 22nd 11AM to 3PM Ritz Plaza Park, 235 W 48th Street join us at sales event with Earth Day Expo Natural Awakenings Magazine
Too many memories to name where the Beastie Boys served as the soundtrack.
couldn't find the exact shirt but casualindustrees.com is a sick WA-based company that sells local graphic tees.
don't play I'll be one. or the chick from Pokemon.
I'm underneath the dryer and this crazy lady BULLY me out of my Seat,but I'm not going to do anything because she is REALLY CRAZY..
I haven't forgotten about you. I need to write it out in a bit and I'll email it to ya!
I finally realized that I can't get you off my mind <3
Best couples in literature?
Way hungry, burnt my right hand. Not gonna let it stop me from playing though.
If I won the lottery I would pay off my credit card, send parents on a nice vaycay, start a prod.co, and contribute to !
I won't steer you wrong...I'm gonna steer you strong.
RT! ": Springsteen will never get old."
well its going 2 b a trip & The Fremont is working with us to make this a fun night! Can't wait! Hope to cu there!
Lol that's what makes champs!! <U+201C>: Just finished the hardest 3 hour practice of my life with Holy crap I'm dead!<U+201D>
your going to that game?! so jealous I wanted to go!
So true :)
Will do. Thanks, bud!
8% claimed perforation of the nasal septum from their nose-picking
- Check out the upcoming events through @ www.homelessfund.org/events. There are some great #networking opportunities!
i have 3 sons; they'll never have 2 face what trayvon did or live in fear of it. no one should. heartbreaking.
Librarians are awesome. Y'all rock my world. Just sayin'
Heat baby
Fish fry at the #Milwaukee Ale House
Fun episode of Undercover Boss featuring CEO. Loved following along on Twitter too.
speaking of rap strength training, how angry is about DMX's comments re: Drake?
I feel like being bad... I'm thinking burgers and fries.
it needs more redheads. Which is my favorite flavor, in anything
Lots on deck from in early 2011: ehealth, politics and social media, the internet & group formation + more!
Did you know, MANY fellow CYRs are on the ballot as #RNC delegates on Tuesday?
Yes, little-known fact- I'm the guy that named an agency after the movie- (would've been carousel21 if after book)
Gotta love the single life :-)
Are u fucking serious.?
I LOVE YOU BESTIE <333 ;D
Breaking: this place is loud.
My baby sister is making me watch Disney.
It got ugly out real quick
yes sir!
When interviewing on air, concentrate on what the reporter is saying. Even if you freeze up, so what? Laugh at yourself and plow ahead.
Tryna get that Michael Jordan hoop earring
I'm incapable of sleeping past 6:00am. Getting old sucks!
thank you so much for coming to JCC this morning. My son Noah was so excited to meet you in person
aw <3 <3 <3 you and are THE cutest couple ever!!!!! but I tell you that every day ;)
Of course we have life gaurding shizzz til 9 when its amazing outside and on cinco de mayo!
amen to that girlie
Sho feels dam good to me wen I push it inside of u!!
your car is so dope!! I love it!!
Vince Young works out with Bills in bid for QB job - USA TODAY
nice car!! Would you take me for a spin in it?
London's first celebrities: Celebrity isn't a recent concept. Jerry White remembers the moneyed glitterati and a..
Alex's brother called the melting pot the dipping cup. Lol
<U+201C>: coming to SD this weekend coming. Seeing the cirque show Totem next Friday. You around?<U+201D> very likely :)
Learned about relationships in math. A working relationship only includes two people, haha, if only other people would realize that...
The racialization of Christianity distorts Christianity while promoting a distorted theological anthropology that is based on solipsism.
I <3 Wizkhalifa but he's entirely TOO SKINNY haha Amber Rose tripped out on that
:') aww niggie that's so cute .
Griffin dunks on Pau again! RIDICULOUS!!!
Preparing for a long workday. Pomodoro Technique to the rescue!
how the frick I just pinged myself.
Just got my first Acting job check today! I love being a working actor
RT : "We have to do more with art, music, PE, recess. Our budgets reflect our values."
aww, Disco Dan! He'd better be there again this year!
Happy Holidays from all of us at the Urban League!
I was mad at the Dish network for pulling the FX network.The truth is Fox cut it off due to rate negotiations. Why do I feel like a hostage?
Party city!
watching Tosh haha. Do u still watch that...
You need a front massage
Two Jews Walk Into A War... has EXTENDED to March 27th. Do you have your tickets? 816-531-PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org
I had too much cuban coffee this morning
when you write #FF to each other do you mean Fact Finding or Face [-to- implied] Face?
Ppl have trouble taking pleasure in things animals do. Sex and food. Not in WI!
Hello to our new followers :) We're following you back!!
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
The interweb is super slow today.
Austin, Texas can you hear me ?
#Reading #50ShadesOfGrey woo! + getting mentally ready for some apt #hunting all throughout this week. Oh lordie
Thx for the laugh! In that case, maybe the microphone should smell like fear...
Joy Division is an interesting muzak choice for 7:45 a.m. in the restaurant at the Marriott.
OMG!!!! DID REV. JACKSON JUST ASK TO TALK MORE!!!!! lollolol
cris wilson is setting next to me he should get on twitter.
Watched a repeat of Good Luck Charlie... and realized how much I love and her TV family... <3
busy busy busy :) hope your day was great!
Watched Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy today. It was good but I actually found it a bit tough to follow. Maybe I was just too tired...
is (fine as heaven) Follow her
: Not saying you're wrong about DRM, by the way. Just that there's a reason it exists, and it has nothing to do with greed.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
Directing Jena... Is she gonna b good? Of course she will...
Go Team Fatty!
My horoscope: Your mood is upbeat; your activities are offbeat. You march to a different drummer playing at a pretty snappy tempo.
I bet Darron Thomas wishes he could change his mind and return to Eugene for his senior season.
tell him how you feel <U+0001F491>
Hey now! Don't be too hard on yourself!
I'd suggest Leonard Nimoy do an episode of "In Search Of" about #Brewers offense. But it's probably too old a reference.
hello missy! You're about to open up the show tonight miss Rock Star!:)
did you get So Long downloaded or do you need us to send you a link for a free download?
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect
But, soft! what duck through yonder window breaks?
thank you for the kind words. Use #ETC11 on your conference tweets :-)
S/O and happy 64th Charter Day to the Ice Cold Brothers of the Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.!! 06!
Gettin ready to head off to the game tonight #Purps~N~Gold
thank for following me ts michelle austin
lol you already know!
PAUL WILLIAMS STILL ALIVE reveals our human capacity for creativity & self-betterment, shows the manipulating hand of a documentarian.
Understanding that our collective unity will help progress the cause for equality and freedom
Welp moving on Friday the thirteenth was not the smartest decision.
Thanks for the #FF love, And hello, ! Lovely to be tweeted with you.
hey Michael - dev of CC here! I'd love to hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :)
Astro is one arrogant prick. Send his ass home. Rap is for those who can't sing.
Thanks for the AWESOME dinner! It was delicious and we will be back very soon.
i don't think you got all your followers.
Monday Morning #Trivia:The #movie, 'Mogambo' with Clark Gable was a remake of which movie?
dope. Can't wait to see em
would yoou please just follow me already?? i love you soo muchh<3
That's a great quote: RT I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
In terms of character and cast chemistry, Smash is exactly the opposite of The Good Wife.
Great talks by students & at Anthropology of Performance conference this morning.
#ThosePeople who say all of the stupid shit in class and you just want to throw your pencil in their eye.
Bit me on my leg AND my arm !
It would be the dumbest decision ever to let Pitino's son become the coach in waiting
Rudy Gay being there makes all the difference than from last year. The Sky the Limit with him being there.
La Roche-Posay Improves Quality of Life for Those with Sensitive Skin - MarketWatch (press release)
This requires a t-test, not a z-test.
it might be a phone device issue, i checked other phones on the same family plan and the others have service.
Wait!!!! has chili cheese fries!!! Omg I want no I need some!!
um... the swollen purple bruise?
Just got home from painting my cousin's house lol soo much paint.
Card readers are too expensive still without money from the U. We're looking at clickers, since most students have them.
If college football is banned, maybe the UAA will finally add a men's soccer team.
In DC for #cildc Ping me! I'm free for dinner or drink tonight, like right now! Only have 2hrs tho
Follow me? e
And went 0-2 against the #Badgers!
I miss him something bad right now!!:(((
Sugar's "If I Can't Change Your Mind" is one of the greatest jingle-jangle pop songs EVER.
Way to make collin jealous Patti ha love you
adjunct to that, these are my inner fucking thoughts and it's mother fucking twitter. even if dylan wasn't already aware, he (c)
I've developed something of a crush on dont ask me how it works- it just does!!!
Bon fire at Dan's later.
Ha! I will be in about 15 minutes :D I hope you enjoy it as well :)
hates how her boyfriend has baseball and cant talk to her!!:(
thanks, Hope you like it
Thank you for the tweet Cary! How many have you tried?
Lol, lady - you are a rock star!
Austins face when his mad >>>
Can we please have game night?
Such a damn shame we haven't deprogrammed ourselves from valuing skin tones that are closest to our oppressors.
an accursed child gave me a cold when I was in London. On the bright side, my germs should be pretty high class.
So far, i'm 7 songs into my next album.. Dope :)
"well your highness what a clever smell you've discovered!"
What better way to end up a crazy day at the hospital & impromptu surgery? TORNADO WARNINGS, of course!
On the train to Cambridge for client mtg, then joining live audience for Hubspot TV webcast. MBTA wifi spotty, glad I have 3G.
This could be easily done.
Overheard at lunch: "When did higher education become an entitlement?" Very interesting question.
smokin bowls, lickin holes, boats n hoes, eat at Joe's
DO YOU AND AUSTIN HANG A LOT? AND IS ALEX ALL RIGHT??
shiddd. (Theme from dukes of hazzard playn).... Just a good ol boy - never meanin no harm...
Thanks for the heads up!
Hi Carie! Great to connect via Twitter. Let's try again for a date for coffee or lunch soon. Any dates soon look good for you? -Dave
Guys, I'm a badass. I left four minutes early.
They look GREAT! And congrats to OHS on the Intel competition distinction!
You rap fast, You do. Yes you rap fast, it's true...
Artists Worth The Follow
LOVE that!
In this cold weather making chili con carne last night was a very good idea. Probably the last chili of the season.
On location at RIKERS ISLAND.....
I was having a pleasant day until I saw the adolescent girl wearing an Atlas Shrugged t-shirt.
If your late for work, find your boss before he finds you and ask HIM why HE was late... that oughta mess with his mind.
feeling slightly overwhelmed!
We will give you more info
vacation. i like vacation.
it's going to be so much fun! :)
The first blog post is up. Check it out -
Rest in peace Steve Jobs....
Thanks for the 4/3 follow friday goodness. Been sleepin on Twitter, ok not sleeping, printing.
RT : My last 2 weekends of summer were spent at the beach with my best friend. Doesn't get better than that.
All new schedule for school today
#IfItWasUpToMe I would legalize Marijuana <3
I would be loving it too if I was home. RT : Loving this rain in Gboro
pork roast is in the slow cooker... already smells amazing
~>Done! Also check my snippet out"TELL CREAM" ~> enjoy & hit the like button...peace
goodluck on it tho and YouTube juliusvevo tell ya friends if u like it too
cool enjoy<U+2026>I am going for a hike in Runyon. Enjoy. Maybe we can meet each other. I am here until July.
Thanks, you too! Any fun plans for the weekend?
A nap sounds really good right now. I think thats just what i'll do.
it's all good
lmao I see that
I'm surprised you made it to class... hahaha
he always pissing me tf off. .
Hello dearest followers! A big 143 to you all from ! <3 We love you!
Oh how I love to engage in competition. The last one standing is all that matters.
Coupon Codes Watch Tv On Pc In Philippines - Star Valley Solutions
Listening to interview with Michael Emerson not only fun, but gave me an inspirational idea on how to write the next book!
but not a great game by any measure.
may think it's pretty cool too: #gospelinlife happening 8599 miles away
I'm going to Jaleo at the Cosmo. :)
Come out n see JT & the Urge and Inbound Kennedy tonight Great deals on drinks!
Not Josh? Lol RT : Alan Kopp and Spencer Schultz lead Verona onto the field.
Time for apres-breakfast mid-morning pre-lunch meal.
One reason to object to the "love" rhetoric that pervades academe. Love=work harder for less money.
Thanks so much! Always nice to hear both encouragement and thoughtful criticism from readers. RT : you are so...
Any designs yet?
Mob Wives is seriously the best show on tv!
Listening to presentation by Bob Sherlock of on pricing at Renaissance Exec Forum for CEOs.
people complain about ALOT of things...why don't I ever hear complaints about taxes due? :\ Like this: I hate doing my sales tax return. ;)
next goal wins
Are you kidding me.PSTD?. No wonder Social Security is running out of money. Thanks Mike for exposing.
The key to winning escalator races is to get the #1 pole position
I'm a little teapot.
Haha. I had to do it.
Are some people at GSA not too terribly happy with Google Apps Email Migration... that's what the little blue bird is telling me...
We care about you! Let us know what events and promotions you have coming up!
Sitting beside (:
No its okay. It's not I want to talk to you.
i always wanted to see The Departed
Ciao donna molta bella e brava!
90% of rap is crap. Wayne is among that. And you hate me everyday so whats new?
Just saw Lil Wayne on a motorcycle.
"Improv is like fine cheese, but not really."
Kowba: I still believe that a midyear cut in the range of $30m is a tipping point
Sure. Let me chat here a bit.
woo hoo ... look at you, you writer, you.
Oh yes. I love pretty books. I love them even more when the intellectual content is pretty too!
Will Canaan off to I believe he gotta do that Navy Stuff but that's it but what y'all suppose to be doing
you got it my g...keep making that heat $alute.
you were with the wrong guy.
It's Here!! The Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, booths 422/424l. Discounts on ALL floor displays. Need something custom made? We can help!
KEEP PORTLAND WEIRD!!!!!!!!!
That sounds like something a Japanese person would say to me.
I love that.
He who fears something gives it power over him
Laugh out loud RT : Charlie Sheen only bangs porn stars for the articles.
Check out the documentary, Catching Hell. Fascinating look at how/why groups (fans, the media) need to find someone to blame (scapegoat).
Check out 's new song "Patricachs" up at #1 on the post-hardcore charts!
Definitely gotta put in work at the gym next week, this crazy/hectic week was a FAIL
Tonight is alive with promise of a street fight. And there's money on the table, says your cheap shots won't be able to break bones.
seriously, it's about time :) Great things to come with and !
": I can't wait to wife shop while watching the Victoria Secret fashion show tonight."make sure to sample first!
just in bed, on twitter listening to music and texting :) wbu
Back in the old stomping grounds eh?
hired. you start today.
Happy birthday ! love you .
drew you're
looks like you guys saw him just in time <U+201C>: Singer Andy Williams has bladder cancer"
sorry I though u were a boy
CHICKEN THREE WAYS <U+2013> confit leg quarter, pan roasted breast, smoked wing: Carolina gold rice, buttered peas, mushroom pan
do not even start to mention the phrase "moving party"
No no further for your web-based Inventory Management System and for Inbound Package Tracking. Get your Demo scheduled today!
We're choosing a theme for our 2012 event and need your help. TEDxABQ. 2 words. Go!
Great meeting with Kyle @ Lexington Legends!! Can<U+2019>t wait for Prevent Child Abuse Night 4-13-2012- plan to join us!
What's your fave photo of mine? Click share and share it with friends! Xo
We're on a roll!
Health is Wealth.So take proper care of your health specially skin.
Man on this bus is talking loudly on a cellphone about how someone "86ed him & filed a retraining order bc she was in fear" ...uh wow
the city is not better off than it was 5 years ago, still have a raging drug problem, Crime, Blight, AIDS, jobs are leaving
and having $1m when you retire is like paying yourself a tax-free salary of $50k a year for 20 years in addition to your 401k.
Okay guys. Good luck to everyone and hopefully this isn't the end!
poor wittle baby. I have exams to worry about. Done nothing but study all day. My brain is dead.
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend.Have a blessed best #Easter ever! #Easterbunny weekend.
oh, & the money. I still gotta find the money for a ticket<U+2026> awk. I don't think my babysitting this summer will pay for one lol.
page 6. My bad. Not sure how I will sleep tonight.
Living Young Wild & Free <U+2665>
Now that you mention it...
I hate the time difference between the USA and the UK, and most mahomies are sleeping still:')
R.I.P. Author Maurice Sendak. My sons will be introduced to your books. One of Brooklyn's finest.
Can i text someone who is not short answered? :P please? :P
I'm used to lots of #bullies. Still, I don't like that.
I go every Sunday
Yep. Meant Nest. They do have a back room, but no windows. I need that natural light.
Watching sobbing. What amazing stories of people helping each other.
Heather Headley - In My Mind
Sweet! RT : We're proud to bring you our brand new single. Pretty Little Thing on our website now! www.thekicksrock.com RT!!
I know. I am beyond energized!!! It's so overwhelming.
when you goin to start workin on a new album????????????
Kids needed to use the phone.
thanks for checking it out!
PLEASE FOLLOW AND US! WERE HUGE 1D AMERICAN FANS!
Yay! So cool. Read your "Digging Ditches" on downdirtyword.com, love it!!
can't the baby just be left locked up with the bike?
breathing air
I hate my #PBL president so much. Ugh she's
trust and patience, that what the Universe is asking for...that and step up and take action!
Last day of the Career Center at #MLA2012. Come in to have your resume critiqued or talk about job search & networking!
Done. Safe travels, bud.
What cities are those?
Only thing the #mavs are missing in there line up are and
This "Limit on the Number of People I can Follow Through Twitter" thing is getting to be very annoying!
nah tomorrow morning
This is your most epic tweet ever. RT Was arrested at #OWS. Now released.
Attending event with Drupal founder
Pls do a story on the impact of false accusations against PPD officers.. Get the Wyatt transcript & read it unanimous verdict
"Better Living Thorough Alchemy."
LOL~ I found that quite odd myself.
Opening session at opengovwest.com. Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn talks about his campaign's Twitter strategy. Also: He uses Basecamp.
What server are you on? I'm on Helm of Graush. I rolled a Smuggler GS.
i aint watching mayfeather till he fight pacman#who cares if he cheats beat him down.....mtm said it tired of cowards
Congrats to on his Grammy nod!
Having myself a Coors Light
Haha I love it, "Everything important has been said before." - Alfred North Whitehead.
the hush puppies look good. I dont eat fish but I like them w/ chicken.
It's my dog's 5th birthday tomorrow and my mom is getting him gifts, why can't I have a normal family?
thanks for the mention. I never hear from anyone! Hope you are well.
Thank you. Have a good weekend. :)
LMAO!! Really though?!? Except I changed my password so it won't help you much haha. I gotta update you on it lol
Man m
thank you <3 I'm praying things get better.
Finished a new piece, 'The Vorpal Sextet', a tribute to Charles Dodgson. Soon to appear on my web site, but not tonight, yawn.
My son was also born with a CHD. He's 4 now.
Does it piss you off when white kids say the n word?
Anderson: Sophie, Apple iBook - thinking about design and presentation - Scalar about information architecture as primary goal
Day of my sisters wedding. Where am I? Shopping with the groom for his outfit for tonight. Whew, what a busy week
FLIGHT TO ISRAEL FOR BIRTHRIGHT OFFICIALLY BOOKED!! March 14-25!!!
I lost control with that one :)
i was texting my friends dad on accident and i didnt even know who i was xD omg
Your next shot to go to Oahu and see where filmed is happening at 6:56p!
Key 3rd down here for the Cardinal.
#occupycoffee it's Monday!
Those look great!
Things to do on Saturday, May 5
very nice
k settled. You + my pythons + headlock
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I just found out my mom's boobs are fake. WHAT IS LIFE
If I say Pop Century, you say___________!
Random Fact: The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
so is losing a pinky today?
Just a little shout out to our boy FYI he's the man
Almost 10 years AND 4,000 miles, I should add. It's not like I'm going to show up at Homecoming, folks.
Chilling with my Philly hang gang nigga,we riding deep today
Morning Mr Matt
Megatron is staying in Detroit
Riley just gtb done eating her Gerber Yogurt she took the spoon n tried to feed herself and gt yougurt all over me and her
Thursday nights used to be my fav <U+0001F497>
Game on!
#3WordsForYou Stop Being Stupid
There are only two reasons why Peyton Manning makes : 1) winning a Super Bowl or 2) getting cut by
No one won the mega millions....unbelievable.....1 billion dollars for a lotto ticket next week...
I'll be tuning in!
BattleofAtlanta 43 presents Jujitsu & Grappling June 18. Rules & Divisions: www.battleofatlanta.info 500 Divisions total! Join us!
Who was the last team to beat Stanford? The same team that will beat them today.
Bloody loved Wrath of the Titans. Daft epic fun....and again, the world was saved by the English/Irish accented actors!
Steak and College Football Tonight!!
Ha! Approaching 4,000. <U+201C>: im mad got more tweets then me.. gotta step my tweet game up in order to pass him<U+201D>
#Aztecs History Made! Dream season continues. Heading to Tucson tomorrow to re-join the JOURNEY! Fight on #SDSU!
I just realized that I don't take pictures for real no more I gotta up my game smh
Kim heard about your wedding
Hi Lisa. Do you know anything about "Limitless?" A coworker just gave it to me unsolicited. Is it worth watching? Thx.
Pick your Easter Egg with a discount inside! All week at BVEN Boutique. Tomorrow from 4-7pm- meet Krumpet, the adorable Easter bunny!...
He's lucky that Indianapolis isn't a major media market.
Because its the TRUTH!! ; )
BUSSIN MOVES! IM BEAT! IM M THE BED CHALUPING!!
I miss soccer :-(
Hitting the caf this morning.
RT : Pity the teen who worries he hasn't sinned enough when called on for his testimony. Why do churches do that?
let me guess. Its an off day?
LOVING the skin care lines at the body shop! And they are on sale right now: buy 2 get 1 free, or buy 3 get 2 free on anything in the store!
Too bad people do these things for money without thinking about the consequences, especially for youth.
It might not be an overstatement that our old #Marlins buddy Cody Ross saved Bobby V's job tonight. For now.
Saw Confluence / JIRA (free for museums), Pivotal Tracker, Asana. Some great tools for different size teams.
RT *Q5.* We love shopping events where you can shop many designers! Which shopping event is a "can't-miss"?
ah! Olivia is so beautiful! This brought tears to my eyes! Congrats a million times over
it's me david :)wishing U the Best :)! stay positive! & know (we) your friends&fans are with U :)! draw strength from us :)!
First time out in the Sonoran Desert since back from St. Louis. How I missed it.
Good luck at #NCVF2012 #NCVFNationals2012. Looking forward to the updates!
Everyone is getting twitter now
How does your #highered campus assess #online teaching and learning? How does your campus administer student evaluations? Please RT.
... my brother is looking for two ... once will get us halfway there!
Thank you for donating FREE GROCERIES to all of the senior citizens attending Just The Ticket on 6/8 !
Now it's time to....... SLEEEEEEEPPPP
(EVERYBODY) PLEASE GO IN CHECK MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL @ (YungSmookDawg) I WOULD SO REALLY APPROPRIATED IF YOU GUYS DID THANK YOU!!!!!
Oh, I wish! I'm hosting a party tonite for a friend's bday. Sorry to miss it but I know will take great care of you!
It was so great to see you last night at the EWP Gala! Miss you! xoxo
Spring sports registration opened 2day - Flag, sand, indoor, soccer, softball y mo! Indy, group or team signup available.
Just have a 2 minutes Fam chatting with T.I., his wife Tiny and 3 others at Ocean Prime, Atlanta - Buckhead...
The mind is like a book, nothing can unfold if it remains closed.
Time for some recovery food
Huntsman - out, 3 crazies to go.
Company rain- sunny all day work and start raining when you get home.
I wonder how many guys pretend to be gay so they hang around Hott girls all day?
It was good 2 see my old coach Coach Lee :-) I missed haa Bt I'm mad she just flipped me outta my chair SMFH Lmfaoo Ms. Hicks say it's love.
finish your paper and we will have pizza on Tuesday to celebrate.
<U+201C>: If you had 1 billon dollars and spent $1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all.<U+201D> That would be amazing !!!!
Being annoyed&was about to punch someone in the face,but then I remembered,What Would Jesus Do?So I lit them on fire&sent them to Hell. >:D
treat. yo. self.
Good eating.
Happy Hour w/ , game, 8-11 Harold Betters Quartet, hockey. Full schedule
oh DM me k
(kendall) hey liz! I'm so glad to be home how was flashpoint?
Yes, happy about sale. :-) not happy about how rich former owner is but oh well
r we still down 4 the studio this Tuesday ~?
Lovely! Sounds luminating!
On that struggle bus with , & ! Anyone want a no drip cup?
your an AMAZING singer! you need to get signed by someone! by late 2011 or early 2012 a record label will find u! ima MAHOMIE!
<U+201C>: Whoa jet lag #help #needsleep<U+201D> agreed , this day is a struggle!
Do you know how many people can name all 10 commandments? Not Many.
gota go bac to sleep im so tired i need three more followers till 200 com on ha ha nite nite every1
You all on twitter are GREAT! I have a few ideas abt leading a support grp... :-)
:) have a great day
I don't put on no SHOW for no one. What you see is what you GET.
IF not cain, I'm hoping they select Trans-vaginal Gov. Bob McDonnell
Thank you for the mention, Charlotte. Much obliged.
NBAbriefs has plenty of new info
On my way to DC for #gradnation where I'm speaking on Tuesday.
I could use an art dealer, also a new teaching gig. If you can pimp my artwork out at a high price or know a Drawing Instructor gig. call me
The power of good writing: "Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass" Anton Chekhov
It happened again. My charm touching the clasp
It worked! I am so creeped out right now!
truth hurts doesn't it?
"Struggle is unskilled behavior." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Psalm 119:159 See how I love your precepts; preserve my life, LORD, in accordance with your love.
Interview done! :-) It was much fun! :-)
Tell me about this "more hiring, more making" thing.
Why did Frankenstein's monster give up boxing?Because he didn't want to spoil his looks.
As you we get on you stop tweeting people :(
Are you going to chase after the U.S title when you return?
Love is too amazing to sacrifice for fear of losing it.
at the UT-Mizzou game in columbia
Help. Me. Now.
#MyBiggestFearIs losing anyone EXTREMELY CLOSE TO ME. idk wtf I would do
I got a question for you bout bizz, fb so I can dm you
Isn't that fascinating! All in an ep about how expensive the Beatles are, then and now! Loved it!
Ever been to Amsterdam? My favourite, relaxing hang-out!
Thank you kindly :)
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com register to gain full access to all the live games tonight enjoy!!!
how be you?
love hearing this news. Where & When on Baytown Screening? Los Angeles?
#top100lies i dont need a men for the moment sorry..
RT Exercise cheers you up! I touched my toes for two minutes and i actually feel happier!
One cool thing though. Jeremy Irons is on my flight.
Any of you in a rock band ? If you are, tweet me an ill check out your music!
congrats on 800k !!!
After celebrating Tyson's Bday at the park, we're at the Bunales Palace cookin up some steaks w/the rest of the fam. M M good
Arrival Without Departure out Decmeber 11th
desert casual.
I am the very model of a modern Major-General I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral I know the kings of England...,.
Awesomesauce! That was fun!!
I'd rather shit in my hand than watch Pitbull and Nicki Minaj perform. Nice choices NBA.
Great conference today with and #TX House District 102 Public & Higher Education Advisory Committee. Thank you Rep. Carter!
I guess its officially Badger basketball season.
Ready to knock these 8 hrs out
So far I'm really enjoying the rush of great writing, smart insight, POV, and discriminating stories from
Mixx it is
I think self-assessment and peer-assessment have to play integral roles.
"So what are you doing in a hotel?" SXSWi goer to me after I say I'm local. Um...."Writing?"
Yes!! Wanna hit up a game soon?
The game really opened up some eyes, and led to excellent discussion regarding choices, decisions, and consequences.
A triangle that hipsters, and gang banger homies made famous. RT : Can someone explain to me what The Illuminati is?
Unending exhaustion. Why am I so tired?
Of course :)
Jazz on Mic is holding audtions for the next hot jazz sensation 10/2011. send youtube link(auditioning) to
Cisco transform from escalation to collaboration through #swarming via
yeah i havent talked to you in a long time
I hope that noise is the fates aligning and not the wall caving in.
Have no fear, #Brewers baseball is here. And soon you'll have me to admire standing outside of Miller Park.
Bouta eat good (((:
amazed sometimes with how long editing video can take...
Thanks! Been looking for an excuse to live on Cashews and Beer, since I'm always hungry. Awesome! (Starting now.)
We cover a variety of items: Religion, Psychopathy, Politics, Ancient History, Philosophy, The Human Mind, and much, much more. Read & learn
hadiyah, caleb? is that u lol
Can't wait for Bachelor Theater tomorrow!!!! Please bring your black gloves as a prop!
I guess on the bright side I introduced someone to five guys today. \o/
hey Austin isn't following you x
#BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw #solar install at #DPW Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21. Check your local news for details
Now that Christmas is over, it is time to make some new resolutions. My favorite time of year!
RT : : NOW I see the value of #missions - Following the lead of and
Or maybe I'm just a pompous self absorbed bitch who thinks she has a sixth sense xD
Wtaf is that?
Good news about the snow--it's too damn early anyway. My peeps on the coast got hammered, though--probably no power either <U+2026>
thanks for following!
We have a larger care package coming your way
so funny
the Sebring handles like a dream RT Carpooling to work with Please call me Mr. Ohio, moving forward
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
why am I not at the stadium? fml.
just wanted to say... I MISS YOU!
Im pretty dam good right now....just woke up. Starving now!
2 projects in one night, kill me now <U+0001F614><U+0001F52B>
YAY! RT : Congrats to Kim, whose "All I Can Handle: I'm No Mother Teresa" is just out in paperback
do. not. wear. that goddamn. bowling shirt. or I will kill you. slowly.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's LUNAR ASSAULT and it's not funny.
So many movies out/coming out that I wanna see
RT : Did you watch PRISONER OF HER PAST tonight on PBS? Please tell us what you thought!
Oh, and today I got everything set up through the school so I officially graduate a year early. #thatsaplus.<U+0001F44F>
we're glad to have you here!
hi! did not see your tweet. I'll be in the office this afternoon 2pm before we hit the doors. Or email .
I am a drag queen who NEEDS to lip-sync , girl i wont even sing scary-oke lol. I have so much respect for drag artist who sing<3
Five Iron Frenzy is back kids,.
twitter keeping u occupied lol or just the new. Friends
Wow I'm hurt
On one hand, OSCAR = Overt Sexism Celebration (And Racism) - given awardees, red carpet tradition, etc (1/2)
Clever Ali. I have a vision just can't comunicate it in 140 characters. How is solar doing?
just makin sure! Let's Go #rangers!
What happened to my saved searches, Twitter??!!
RT : PUMPED about earning my first Mozilla Open Badge (OBI) Compliant badge at #2012TCC ... AWESOME learning experience
ha! I'm sure there would be many more dudes to volunteer too :P
lol yea trust me I learned the hard way save time and emotions and cut unhealthy relationships
I love being Natural! I can do a lot if different styles with my hair. Braids,afro& I'm going to crohet my hair next week.
Ibanez has absolutely no chance against Motte
Really Wisconsin you had one timeout left
I'm all for tatts & piercings, but I draw the line at implants. Why get having 2 cubic zirconia shoved into the lower back? It can't be safe
All booked for Paris in August! Let the countdown continue...
Diff btwn value chain and #foodhub? Value chain covers multiple points in supply chain. Food hub = one node responsible for agg/distro
Thanks, Rick!
Hanging out with Bob Ryan. Definitely one of the coolest perks of my job.
Hope you had a great time tonight and didn't get rained on. Can't wait to see the movie this weekend!! Woo-hoo!!
I wore hot pink spandex and a zebra sports bra today JUDGE ME
Don't defend yourself. raising children is a full-time job
falling asleep with my window shades open and getting woken up by the sun at seven in the morning
About to head out to the meeting Tonight's going to be too sick!! Knifeparty starts @ 10:30pm, Don't be late!
Full moon tonight- who's ready?
What do you know about the future of NXT?
Boys <--Piss me off.
Henry Meier Festival Grounds. I used to watch Mayor Meier sing for Summerfest opening days when I worked on WISN/Ch. 12.
anxiety cat meme = me. Laughing so hard at these.
Appreciate the confidence!
hope u r having a great night, Big Hugs, Love u
you didn't know the mark of the beast is here? Wow, old news
Thank ya Cutiee. Tell erybody To Follow ya Boy i Need 550 by tomorww.
back to the tin can later today, just in time for 90 degree temps.. lucky us
Found 2 cases where I've ignored other software to adapt to #Evernote instead--due to seamless synching. Sorry #Omnifocus &
Admittedly, the part where I hang out alone in a bar waiting for the band to just start already is awkward. Should invite more friends.
Where does the greyhound bus drop off in Madison, WI? #Madison (?)
Hated all the Sheepdog looks on #projectrunway. Not rock and roll
Crawfish bites to-go please.
Wow!..Interesting move.
Good morning friends. Word of the day "Focus " today don't worry about others Focus on you, & you'll be fine.
any plans for the #Caps game?
Every season is a season of change
Check us out on instagram!!! @ 4thquartercomeback !!!
thx. i'll check it out
i follow now.
So when is GitHub for Lesbians coming out?
Good cider tastes no more like apple juice than fine wine tastes like grape juice. Expect more from your cider! Join the Cider Revolution!
So close to 1,000 likes. Help us get there won't please?
then you wonder why you can't keep a nigga? try getting a man. SORRY I'm straight NIGGA not gone lie.
You mad bro? Nah, I ain't even mad. Oh, you mad. Haha
can you post it. I didn't get to hear it :(
I agree with RT : Q4) With the right attitude, the skills can be acquired.
haha yeah you def don't want to carry that much to a show!
Wait, wait! you are DRIVING??
because my parents want to be away from the "city" and out in the country area.
That's awesome!!! Congrats!!!!
one door closes and two more open. life is strange.
Fine. Target, baby! Better? :)
your so funny I Think You Just My Day Seem better :D #WeShouldTalkMore !
Really? Did not know that. I'll mention at tommorow's Drive Electric Minnesota meeting.
*ART DIRECTOR WANTED* A Studio- Europe
naps. i praise you.
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Large Library of the Year, Woodworth Consolidated Library, Fort Gordon, GA.
ILovee Your Smile & How You Dance TeAmoo
Liza 'redefines dining elegance' - Gulf Times
All up and down the West Coast baby! Fucking Stoked!
Rise & Shine! Have a good week everyone <U+263A>
They don't know about us.
She make me so mad sumtimes.....
Men who eat many prunes, sit on toliet many moons.
For a #nonprofit, How much profit is too much? Org may earn 'incidental' profits...$447mil earned in 2011
WOW!!! What a shocker..Whitney Houston is dead! Sadly expected! RIP to one of the best singers of all time! :(
Just got out of my first day of Track. Not bad..not bad
he don't wanna see me in the post either
haha, for once! ;D
JORDY I WANNA BE YOUR SHORTY
Despite what rational choice theorists assert, humans are largely unpredictable because they are only intermittently rational.
Coffee and TV or stretching and running or showering and sightseeing?
* Runs & Goes Get Laptop Charger lol *
Start of the second half.
"kill them with kindness"
Yes sir!
Okay this is hilarious. respond if you want the answer: Why did the dead baby cross the road?
Welcome to GPU computing! CUDA is awesome. If you get interested in it, you'll definitely want to check out our software too.
is this the weekend that the #LandofConfusion finally over takes my valiant #TJDonkeys?? I had to make some questionable moves
You piss me off
3 pages of research paper done>>>> 2 more to go<<< super tired going to bed<U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4>
cheers. Just be glad your not in chi-town for another snow storm.
Good morning Atlanta! Choose Coffee!
dont worry bro trust me shes way better off w/ u
whose fault is it if she dont get wet?.
Thanks for the great Triple Crown facial! Loved it!!!
Which would you rather give up during the #NFLDraft: Twitter or Mel Kiper?
this #rays bullpen reminds me of the orvella, ruddy lug, harville, stokes and shawn camp days
Yotes take the early lead in Game 2!
so you look like tony the tiger??? Lol perhaps expired dye wasn't the best idea?
RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
we will definitely be out somewhere.
yea buddy!
haha it took me like an hour until I understood the da da ba ba BA part! Haha just a little blond moment:)
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe it was no longer cool to wear jerseys, or band tees and skinny jeans.
Some bodies little dog ran in front of my car! I feel so bad........
I saw a place in Buffalo years ago where the toilet was in the main living area with a 4' wall around it.
Bridesmaids is a total RomCom. I'm a little disappointed.
Its too early to be awake -__-
So F'N amped to see at the tomorrow night!
HA! I do al the time. Not enough people find the humor in that, I think it's hilarious.
Mad 'cause book 2 isn't out till 2013
Tomlin can't go for Cleveland. Called up A guy. Advantage Red Sox?
Hi, noticed you tagged Equal Justice Works in tweet re Bryan Stevenson. FYI his org is not part of EJW. Thx!
i swear it's hotter in Pgh than it was in texas!! I want to go back! haha
YEs, it's called a banana... Ha ha!
Sitting up against United Center....soaking up the sun. Don't wanna go inside........(that darn rent.)
Sweet, another tweet!))
going on a Guadalupe Lumber power play. (0/2 tonight)
looking forward to it! We'd love to have you!
Counting down the hours till 4 days off!
Bored in class, someone tlk to mee :/
if you're gonna tell the team what to do when you don't know what to do yourself, the coaches stand over there.
#SLPsnQs for shorter term kids, compare percentages/cueing needed week to week but no formal plotting
Donna Rose & Robin Brand. Dialogue was honest, enlightening,& funny! Couldn't ask for more!
I'm thankful for friends like the Frymaster!
HAHAHA ITS FINE! and nice :)
Not wanted not gonna rep Sorry bout it
who in the Hell is professional Dave? lol
I swear the One direction boys voices are the same live and in studio It's like they don't use auto tune at all that's fucking real talent.
And turn by turn navigation, and geocoding/routing without a visible map, and a ton of other stuff Google prohibited.
lol i understand
You can sign up with the autism team or set up your own team or fundraising page from the main Dash website
About to hear Paul Gillin present in Chicago on social media for b2b.
Nice day
Lots of model-types are lining up... Wondering where the classically curvy girls are.
I feel like it's not a place to go alone, but is it lame to say "PLEASE accompany me to the house of waffles"??
40 days until our China adventure
Go get it, gurl.
Enjoy Skyline Chili
hey guys, we r possibly going to be in LA next weekend. Are y'all doing any kind of LIVE shows then? Would love to see y'all
Nice to meet you Pratyush I received your hello and hope your having a nice weekend
You are!! You're ugly and that's true
congrats RT : rec'd perfect score on research paper: #females in #sextrafficking: #drug dependence
yes - now my question is can I make it our mantra or is it a turnoff?
You are depressing me...
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 6
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~Nelson Mandela
Hi everyone how are u ya'll doing i have got a busy day ahead of me, so i hope you guys all have a wonderful day!!!
#TheSaddestPart I wish I didn't wake up tomorrow.. #StraightUp #PrayersUp everyday. Pray 4 death all day, I hope I am here for good shit!
What ingredients are in your favorite smoothie?
uhm,you need toget the fuck outa here . You'r gay Justin is not gay! STUPID bitch! Stfu &' stop judging. Damn.
Cant believe that was the first person I see when I'm back home
shooting stars at 3 AM WUUT?
Please follow me I love you!
The difference between a bitch and a whore: A whore will fuck anybody. A bitch will fuck anybody but you.
thank you, and you as well! :)
I have seen so many doppledangers(sp?) Around Beantown lately, it's crazy.
As humans we tend to get so caught up with the"WHAT WAS" we don't pay attention to the "WHAT IS" Live In The Now.
Who has a playstation3
OH: LETS LOOK FOR #DTF TAG ON PINTEREST!
Just layed in the tanning bed and got back out and about froze. Its so cold!
Does anyone have a history with afterschool and youth outreach programs in Baltimore? I'm looking for info on what's worked and what didn't
I'm so excited, I finally got to agree to learn Gaelic! We've been trying to decide on a language for years!
LOL that is so true! Love it
The last week of classes!
PB&J or banana and peanut butter. I think the flavors of an actual snack would be great! Also, baked cinnamon apple sounds good.
hoping maybe one time you'll see my tweet ;) love you!
Yowza! Don't get between them, please!
Camera Fun Time: shoot the Riverdance! Chest out, arms at your side, & kick up those feet! Some people will surprise you! Shoot rapid or vid
When poison comes on my kids go crazy....lmao love em
I want hot chocolate and a soft pretzel, someone bring me one i will give you $$
Better days will come.
hahaha. Sonic should put that on their dumb TV ads:-)
You know it was a terrible migraine if you feel positively EUPHORIC once the pain is gone....
Pizza & pint tonight Brooklyn style! For beer week, buy one of our hand made pizzas & get a free pint of Six Point brew!
Payday bitches
we are always taking good people! Just apply on our website then come in our store and introduce urself and tell them u applied
Out of nowhere I click my twitter app (Iphone) and it is just a blank white page. Tried reinstalling, and same problem. What's up?
I hate moshing. I think its a horrible way to 'enjoy the music'. You can enjoy the music without beating people up.
i might get a macbook :)
He signed a huge contract and hasnt homered or batted over .200
Thought for the day: You never know what you can do till you try :]
Hey! Help me get 1000 followers :)
NATO Summit time....
sweet mother, i'm starving!!
The League of Shadows ( Aka The Bilderberg group)
Kill em with kindness.
There's no such thing as coffee stain resistant t-shirts or no-spill coffee cups so I'm gonna go with Tide pen. Who's got one?
Trying out Beta for a new Social site for creatives only, The Filter Foundry. www.filterfoundry.com
is already regretting this. God Damnit, Kayla.
they are [insert any other boy band name here]
wow! Note to self: go easy on your breaks.
I could hang out for a couple hours... want me to come over? I just have to be home by 4
y am i so tiered already?!
looking beautiful!
Just bought myself a new purse. :D Let efficiency and chicness rule my outfits!!
Does anybody have a calculator. I need it for my math test <U+0001F631><U+0001F604>
Ridley. Was Prometheus one of the best movie filmmaking experiences you've had?
Stripper bidness started in africa...
but does he have disco lighting??
Just finished a new bomber!!!! NEXT :-)
Oh yea!! it works
A father is a banker......provided by nature. French Proverb
It's a shame that only a small percentage of seniors are graduating this year
-shut up!dummmmm,
when is the baby due hun?
RT : Religion is meant to unite however it seems to divide more than it should.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea I would meet my soulmate. But I thank God every day that I did. <3
Laughs or tears baby. Laughs are way better sometimes.
Oh thank you!! You're talking about me, right? I haven't seen you in a long time. :)
U obviously didn't see what did w/1 sec. left in the game
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Cool... Maybe 10 o'clock on Sunday? I'll think about where to shoot... The motorcycle was just an idea for a future project.
Ah morning. Crazy dream last night. Like wrestling with the devil shit. Must be the nicoderm... or that nightline faceoff.
she wants my number... fuck that, im not fallin into no traps
:P I know my older sister an her husband bought one for my mom :D
In such a funk... Can't help but think who #3 may be this week...
On my house phone .. I'm finna call back ..
you will book this!
we miss you too!!
Ugh, why would the #Cubs re-sign Rodrigo Lopez?!
Holy cow it's beautiful outside. Great weather for the grill party! Yay!
7-4-83 Tulsa, Magnum TA and Hacksaw Duggan b Ted DiBiase and Mr.Olympia for Mid South tag titles.
I actually think you misspelled pizza... I spelled it just fine.
Oh gheeze! Thanks for getting in contact and a big thanks for the #FF! See you at the race??
any news about gov threat to state teachers b4 their convention this week?
Is it really that tough to admit that being a wealthy stay-at-home mom isn't the same thing as raising kids and punching a clock?
Goodnight , I love you <U+2764><U+0001F618>
So excited to find out is coming back to Indianapolis!
xD No worries...same here!
Sorry I haven't been on lately! I have been busy with school, homework, & I just came back from vaca. I promise I will try to be on more! :)
ha! I was jealous.
are u moving?! Please don't leave San Antonio D':
Yum. Hungry now.
Oh, my Dad would kill for a piece of that... looks incredible
I know what's goin on T...
<U+201D> <U+2014> Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter (movie)
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you. lol
If Shaw got 3, Torres better get more - oh wait, the NHL owns the Coyotes, so ... $50 fine
we'll be there, take care of business. On to Pasadena
i really like ur head of hair O.O
3) Curatorial and bibliographic expertise are more visible, more important, and more widely distributed than before~
#Gators freshman Taylor Burke claims the #SECTF women's high jump title. Congrats from the
All I gotta say is is EN FUEGO! see you on #HBO making movies! Let's go!
Hey Kevin, I can check with people that handle that stuff...shoot me a DM with an email.
Make sure you take the time to just relax and/or have some fun!
According to Google maps I will be under 2 hours away in Frankfurt.
I run in the Vibram Five Fingers sprint version..ran 2 half marathons and 1 full marathon in them...what are your favorite running shoes?
What if other museums got rid of labels like ? Intrigued by how visitor experiences would change...
Totally kicked butt on Oregon Trail this weekend. Eat it, 8-year-old me!
figured I'd let you know I woke up like a half hour ago.
Welcome! RT : At my favorite Tea House in #Baltimore for the happy hour, pre happy hour.
MAHOMIES GO HARD! :D
An entire generation is never going to buy a home because they already have a mortgage on a college diploma that didn't get them a job.
Waking up a 5 am again tomorrow so what do I only get like 4 hours of sleep a day 8 more weeks of this
Im glad I learned from my mistakes. Full attention to my future. Success.
I've changed SO much in the past month , but I'm really starting to like who I'm becoming.<3
Thank you for your plug.
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument
So cute! Great choice :-)
MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO was a perfect way to end the night!
I'm not going to be able to watch "60 Minutes" in my right mind if I don't have some buttercream, stat.
Sorry, doesn't look like we have those in stock right now.
Thanks for the continued support at CKCU 93.1 FM Ottawa! Peace!
Just got the only tan. Gettin' preped for my big shoot with Rick Day.
says: Traffic Lights are out MD-355 at Middlebrook
just finished my 2nd draft of #detroitangel read through next week!
ETA within the hour.
if your scared of course
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on their first round victory.
We're looking forward to it. Street fair wkend!
I think about my work every minute of the day.
maybe Twitter on pg 146 in Wired was on purpose: "To Twitter fans, 140 characters wasn<U+2019>t a limit but a jumping-off point." -S.Levy
A new high of 108 Jr. High Volleyball Teams are registered for the 2010 League! Once again, we're looking forward to another great season!!
I think I'm getting a bruise.
i am retarded mark you should know that really. What can i say I'm a caveman
Home to #phoenix tonight! Ready for some friends and family time!
WET FRIDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW Republic Nightclub call CHIRS 915-999-9696 TONIGHT with your POWER 102
And yet I'm still tired as hell and need more sleep
Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom is 40 years old today <3 I was gonna go today but I guess not :c
it's just some of the tweets that I read on here haha.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I can't speak but I can understand words.
has to take Jerry Rice off sportscenter. It is gut wrenching to watch a legend struggle to articulate himself like this.
RT : Waiting for the judge's decision now in the #FreeTonyTiger case. Stay tuned!
haha do it! It's nice here right now! you guys can stay at my place haha.
Tia<U+2019>s is now booking patio parties for the 2011 season. Tia's accommodates parties of 30 - 500 on the patio. To book call 857-488- 5387
I have found life a delightful, enchanting, active, and at some time frightening experience, and I've enjoyed it thoroughly.
Congrats mama!!!! xo
I fuck like You want to fuck.
and did you guys hear the new aguilera single? oh right,it was the national anthem ;)
you just keep getting cuter mr man!!
A Musical Legacy tickets still available! Hurry! Make your reservations for this amazing FREE concert!
This graduation was so ratchet
What I want to eat I can't find it in my fridge LMFAO LEMME STOP
I am looking forward to filling out my passport this weekend at #EPCOT. Loving the
have faith!
social networking see no need for YAA to have a Twitter page. There are only two of us with YAA who see this value and we are trying as
Smoking some weed later... weed is not a drug but medicine....
Looking forward to tomorrow night's show at Schubas with The Kickback!
Do u follow ?? If not, please do it NOW!! Support GOod MuSiC :)
You have THE coolest blog I've seen in a while! I think I'm addicted now.
Evans - 8 for 8 FTs, big boards & D stops
That taco was handed down by the Good Lord himself. #<3thattaco
Finished TM. It was fun and very cold. Best of luck tomorrow. You can do it.
Do tell!? What is your favorite work?
class was great shadowing the next 2 days
Fuq dat hoe, dick her down Woo! Woo! Smh this damn coon video song is too catchy
What about scotch tape? RT : Beer. RT : Music and writing, what more do you need?
RT : "when the Kindle launched sales of romance novels skyrocketed, people didn't have to carry around the books"
Why would I try to back a reasonable argument with a malicious link? Also I'd need a dozen links, this is a good summary.
Hey Guys haven't been tweeting in a while (long story) Hope all is well in Tweetville and you are going to see bunch of tweets...
i like how people are more concerned about a middle finger than all the crazy flashing illuminati symbolism during the halftime show .
Also, would you mind adding us to your UNCG-on-twitter list? Thanks again!
Not even gunna trip over it.
life. Honey the only thing this page needs is Vincent! Okay?! Lol I am sorry I have so much to say about this all..
and THERE IS YOUR DAGGER!
LOL you clearly KNOW MORE about it than I do!!!!!!!
Adam is pretty much telling Pip he's going home tonight!
that's me. 'Sport' me a galley?
Glimmers is Gold: view from Greenpoint, NY
just listening to Jack and Jill is making it seem stupid
Well, I'm powered up for the day. Now to go wrestle a grizzly bear...
Special thanks to The Germano Bros, Wayward Son, & Violet Mary for being guests on The Shakedown tonight!
We're going to see tonight. What're you guys up to?
omg.we needa go buy madre a mothers day gift.we gotta go grocery something tomorrow,so we'll take you with us,&we'll run away
hanging out bench right now is schooling him on dallas TEXAS.
I only like to read tweets. Not books.
Most definitely! Every Thursday!
i'm bored.
Had such a great time with Abby outside of class. All these haters that kept staring at us made my night. ;)
Some amazing #legal and #business webinars coming up hosted by my friend Attorney Heather Atkinson and top notch guests Register for...
People in Austin tweeting about the weather....you kill me
We're at UNC Charlotte today for a Digital Humanities Symposium: The potentials and practicalities of digital humanities scholarship.
How are you doing? You must be tired...
honestly. No matter what he did he could never exceed the insane expectations the team put on him. It wasn't his fault.
get that stupid Mountain Dew ad off your homepage, it's ridiculous
Haha I'm about to do that today! Synced my new work email to my phone. That was a short-lived 2 weeks w/out phone email overload.
Lol wanted to go to sixflags on sunday
<U+201C>: At Fridays with n dranking<U+201D> Who's jealous... me -____-
I'm ambivalent about most of the recent Google design changes, but the new version of Analytics is really frustrating.
I thought I lost my mom lol
RT : It kills that high-perform #nonprofits are losing funding. Need to support orgs that can show what they do works.
Taking a lil break from the music! See y'all when I get back
I want the contingency of life, the unpredictability, the unknowability, the mysteriousness... -David Shields
Becaauussee .. you gotta go to work ?
"America!" --Will Ferrell
you guys are on at 9am and 2:45pm.
Hahah, I Feel Great!! ;P
glad you're okay! Hardest hit I've seen in some time. Smart move with the hands off the wheel!
thanks so much for the mention! you rock trinity!
Went to Red Lobster last night,then went grocery shopping.Goin to Texas Soon To record with Colin Dalin.
Shit wait. IS THAT JOSH NICHOLS?
yes, it is.
: PR team gave the go-ahead for the "Eat Crow Baby" banner.
My coach is going to kill me tomorrow
I don't get how I hurt you when actually you hurt me why was I so stupid
I need a haircut, but im too scared. haha its cuz everytime i get it cut i never like it
I'm jeleous too!
RT : Get ready for Heropalooza for #LiNC attendees! Catch the shuttle to Bimbos in front of the Great band, great party!
I would shave my head or cut off a finger for some ice cream and a brownie right now. Seriously.
We would sale more houses to people who are working with good credit if down payment was not 20% and upkeep was not so high
That Just Really PRESSED My Shit!
After waiting a month for a job offer to finalize, it fell through. Very debilitating. Hope to find something soon.
Yawn yawn LaHair goes deep again - BB
JJ is a stud!
not sure yet. Usually Super Target. Suggestions?
What's up Twitter? What going down on a Friday night?!
I'm on a edge
1.they bite 2.you can't play with them, it hurts ! 3.they get panic attacks and tense up so much they tear muscles! i swear
favorite song/ cover by the boys?
pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin, Oh yeah... And pumpkin too!!!!
Had a great dinner with alumni and current staff members Zach Glembin and Byron Anderson.
Thanks Jeezy for Tooth Fairy shout outs
I just want the relationship where you spend so much time together it makes you sick
Are you a content consumer or creator?
Also, I know you'll definitely put them to good use :) Would love to see more of your pics on Flickr! Happy holidays :)
Pessimists in the house!
or the fearless lol but then i put my reading glasses on and saw livelove and i got with the program lol
<U+201C> BBQ 2day so u kno iam good<U+201D>u know black people like that shit lol
yes sir! it'll be a great show!
Shout out to all the chapter leaders in today's workshop!!!
why would you get it trouble? Lol what does it look like
haha hello! How are you? :)
thanks for making the trip boys we love you!
-- RG..how can u not believe in zombies when we're going to have a zombie apocalypse???? :)
yes hun you're almost there.
People like to call me Brian. I don't know why.
K walls half clean windows check weekend cleaning love it break time for lunch :p
hey guys working on a new song called "Noboby's home"
RT JUST ANNOUNCED: NYC residency w/ Special guests
Your phone wont ring all day, no calls from me anyway.....whats next to say?
Not only is great at what he does, but he also seems like such a good, down to earth, family-oriented guy
RT : Cant let my attitude take over my day
Oh Youhna! I love this song so much!
loved it all!
Off my TL w/ the weak ass quotes/jokes!
That machine kills fascists.
yea fight night is the new crack in the house... and other things lol
Tryna find a job blows.
Have a safe and happy fourth of July!
I hate WV it's 2 cold:/
i miss talking to ;/
I like you.
": why is everyone getting vans all of a sudden" OMG. DHJXBNFCR. i don't even know.
I'm sitting just a few feet from the Rush net. That puck was IN! Everyone here saw it, including the goal official who lit the lamp
Some people have no tact. Hope finals are going fabulously!
awesome. Enjoy the game as best as you can. I'm sure KD will put on a show. Everyone does when they stop at NJ, right?
Shhhhhhh<U+2026> that<U+2019>s the sound of nobody caring about what you think.
Of course your not your a great one :)
Less flaky wi-fi in DC -- only half an hour before we start loading for the big flight
Thanks! Strange that we wait so long for "experiences" isn't it?
thanks for the follow pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
ahahaha i be driving people!
So big time jealous that ms got to meet the sexy Laz Alonzo..!
Since all of u slutz suk cock y not suk mine?
Go big and then go home.
what kind of car are you looking for? I got a Honda Insight and I absolutely love it
(1/6) Tumaini Publishing is very pleased to announce that Sue Shanahan will be our new Director of Marketing and Sales.
looks right to me, Gary! :)
Lol Pablo this is perfect <U+201C>: it hurt me a little just reading this...<U+201D>
Hard day at work today, especially to the ego. Glad to have some personal achievements to fall back on.
If you're a bird, I'm a bird. <3
SORRY DAD
That's a great thing to be pissed off for - right now I'm pissed off for a good bacon egg sandwich!
Despite being Mid South's biggest star, JYD was kept away from the N. A. title for 2 years. In 82, that changed.
want make it today .... She is filling worse today.... She doesn't want mE to go anywhere
It's amazing how motivating it is to run from a zombie horde. Even if it's a fake one.
Wine + train ride = amazing choreograph.. Lol
Headed to NYC for a lovely get-a-way weekend!! Can't wait!
*Last minute slots for bands on March 16th and 23rd...any takers? * <3
Ah, gotcha. Most people I know are active duty, but I do know a few in the Guard. Either way, it's still life changing!
Thank you very much for the follow ;; ; Thanks for the support!
the smiles just hide what we really think.. :/.
#PLL Mona is crazy as hell.
noticed you weren't online but wanted to say hello! :)
just cuz I wanna relax a bit lol
Business LEADERS r not pouring over data, their subordinates r. They r making-sense of environment + leading which = networks!
Mornin dicks and dames..doff the fedoras, suits, bobs and lavaliers and go get your dough...keep tha punks out of ya pockets..
Its raining,lightning and thundering. Cooler night that most lately
We're big fans of traditions, especially when they revolve around drinking beer. Hope you guys are having fun!
These Cesar Chavez punks think it's cool to vandalize our property?! OK lil fukkers! Bring it! Ya messed w/ the wrong bitch now!
Homework flow....
RT : It's appalling & depressing that so many self-proclaimed "patriots" are entirely ok with police brutality against our own people.
#Ward5se If issues like conducive economic development, quality educational programming, & ethics matter, vote 4 my friend
oh shit...am i getting sick? :(
<U+201C>You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don<U+2019>t try.<U+201D> <U+2014> Beverly Sills
then those moments when i wanna burn you ! -.-
What's your fav trend so far for Spring 2012? NEONs 4me..I saw AWeSoMe spring booties w/back zip & hot pink neon material center!
Great allergy tips! Ever hear of someone losing their sense of taste from allergy medicine?
<U+201C>: I think MATH!!!! may be my worst enemy:/!!!! Princeton #Spreadthepeace #NOMATH lol:)<U+201D> yes MATH
Something is going to happen?
Head cold today. I guess I should rest.
Lessons learned....students still have to find the best way to study..not everyone will adopt technology for learning.
My mind is blown. And I agree! RT Overheard today: "I think should come twice this week."
If peeing your pants is cool consider me Miles Davis
Never do something you don't want to explain to the paramedics later.
I have this red pen... And now there is red ink on my arm and shirt... HOW? -.-
its not english !
Let those who have never violated the sanctity of the marriage vow be the ones to say a same-sex union violates the sanctity of marriage.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Haven't written an essay in forever. Kinda rusty..
Digital often kills retail sales, and its likely that #videogames may have the same fate as music and books when sold at...
lol..yea cuzzo my mike game kinda strong
I want to go to the shooting range.
The word of the day is: Food Glue.
those numbers sound promising! :)
Haha can't taste good. Esp coming from SkyMall RT : protein ketchup??
I'm The Reason Why You Faded, Take A Shot For Me
I saw that before you tweeted me - but I don't follow those who don't follow me back. I have a select few exceptions.
I was planning a half for 4/15 but I'm not ready...just keeping consistent & will strive for June when Bundle does the 26.2.
Camp Invention-early sign ups for summer & get a discount-Campinvention.org. My son loved this last year-he made robots!
the organic is for #hippies I got the original 40 day aged. Thanks Congratulations #
now up to 8 official requests for a runoff election (4 of 6 possible statewide runoffs), still just 1 request for a recount
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
feel better love!
48 once again... o boy!
#ItsABadDayWhen Your #Condom breaks while your having #SexualRelations with a #CheapHooker from
Enjoy your holidays everybody !
See you tonight?!
Louie Oosthuizen double eagles hole 2 at #Augusta for the first time in Masters history.
Me too!
Just woke up from a dream that I was feeding a horse apples with an outstretched palm & it tried to bite my finger off. What does that mean?
Mary Gaitskill. Michael Cunningham. Eileen Myles.
CEO Kelly Brough has a simple message on behalf of Colorado's kids "help us". Support house bill 1238
I'm willing to engage in conversations no matter what your opinion is, but if you're hateful or a name caller, the key word then is "block."
We are obsessed with PLLs too! Love that show - especially the creepy end bit!
happy birthday man!
sorta kind of.. How you been?
Kick off at 6:26 come save your seat!'
Leaf- "Yo what was that bot/baht song you guys kept singing?" Me- "Oh we made that up" hahaha
o! How about a hint?
Ah, gotcha. That would be ridiculously late.
I'm having second thoughts about my decision <U+0001F494>
This is...interesting...
And now its settling in....
Fake Louis bag..
I like him he's a physical corner
SAY MY DAWG U GOT ANY TRAKS FOR ME I GOT U ON SUM SHIT LET ME KNOW HIT ME UP
Translation comes to my Facebook! Not only can I read my wall again, I can keep up with my Swedish/Hyper Island/non-english posting friends!
I hope most men said undershirt. When you see the outline of a man's nipples...that is not sexy.
All week long thru Sat, May 12th, you can workout for FREE! It's "Bring a Friend Week" at Wild Workouts! Call for class times! 414-364-0181!
To Justin timber lake had he beat night. He with Jessica biel and he gave Kobe hi five
I want a pet Polar Bear
Sorry P. accident
Look out Mr Romney! The Liberal Media are out in full force to tear you down! They'll seize every opportunity!
washing my car storm clouds coming ..always
Snow E. Mann Independent Snow Management ConsultantNorth Pole | Entertainment --who said #LinkedIn didn't have a sense of humor?
RT : learned more about drupal today than in the last 2yrs of intermittent fiddling. and going to learn even more tomorrow!...
1) don't ever take a pic in the mirror, unless you're in jersey. 2) I think that is against corp rules to wear those off duty
yes!! me too!:D
Tell me a name of a perfume or cologne that you can't find anywhere
cause we indie baby!!!
will do and after i send that information for her whats the next step ?
The last 24 hrs have been a little rough...REALLY glad comes home tomorrow! Can't get here soon enough!
gimme some!!!
The Price household in #mansfieldpark, with nine children and far too much "bustle," is a literary advertisement for
- like.. Learn how to Skype?
This is the best episode of , and one of the best pieces of travel/food journalism, I've seen.
So tonight's choices so far are the daughter of Harry Cox or a Tennessee hillbilly w/ a Dad that doesn't drink? Bring on Courtney!
Time to produce..wiped off the dust of an old script that has bad ass horror twists..celebs already reading it..Kanyon's End will be born!
I'll never buy another #alesis product. Third DOA product out of four. Customer service: "there's nothing we can do." Thx.
I saw your game against BC WBB, much better than #35 <U+201C>: For those wondering: No, I'm not wearing #35 for the Mavs tonight.
Iran Nuclear Talks <U+2018>Constructive<U+2019> After 15-Month Halt
LED technology are well-recognized and sought after across multiple industries
Spring Trunk Shows- Saturday, May 19- A representative from Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts will be here.
they could at least do it in a way it doesn't give away their demise
I don't get it...why follow someone who has never tweeted...ever.
You say you never had it so good
Yay!!! Got some excited news, now to prove myself
I have a samsung admire. How can I get the 3g on.
Some days end up better than you expect.
cant stand when someone asks over & over to talk to me or hang out & when i finally make time, they make other plans. ughhhfsxh so annoying.
Shannon Doherty is the new #EducationConnection spokesperson. Guess her life isn't so "Charmed" these days.
this was out first trip w/out the kids it was nice been 3 yrs even if it was to a convention
Just scored some cheap Van Halen tickets on Stubhub!
Chelsea wins today! Who would've thought!
Doesn't change my love for you :) that was the best concert ever!! You guys rock! :)
A boyfran that stands up for his girlfriend is REAL AS FUCKK!!!
Scott Sherman has not made this schedule easy.
yeah that's how I caught up I would have lost by one or two, I think, but it subtracted your last tile from your score and Bam. Tie
i was workin
nothing's wrong with fangrling! we do it all the time (:
So glad to b home! It has been one long weekend especially on one leg!
Olbermann compares himself 2 an expensive chandelier.. Hmm hanging from the rafters & not normally very bright, yep that's him
#LTBroadcasts "It appears that the Chinese Nationalist Government is starting to make headway against the communists" (4/28/31)
Tix on from LAX to Vegas for $30!?!
It's still early in the #MLB season but if the #Angels keep quiet at the plate it's gonna be a long season!
Upside, the office has de-fridged itself. Downside, it's kind of a sauna now.
Ah! I wasnt aware that was u they were always referring to. Hopefully your lawyer uses the chewbacca defense to get u off the hook!
Tonight's Red Sox-Yankees gm has been postponed due to inclement weather.
Filling docline requests for always makes me especially happy - giving back a tiny bit to the place that helped my sister.
<U+201C>: Need some and updates asap<U+201D> 37k (500BB) 150reg110 left
I am a parent blogger from MN! Looking for a way to get my 8 yr old volunteering locally~can we offer our services?
If I see one more wp_enqueue_script in a header file I'm going to... argh! Do it right and put it in a function.
"truth is for who you looked popped with" LOL NO GUYS, NO.
I don't know why, either!! Lol
What if everything around u isnt quite as it seems, when you look at your reflection is it all you want it to be?
last vid for the night............coming up
I wanna know what I would be known for if I died today.
Thanks for following us! We hope to see the British Embassy at this year's #DiplomaticBall - sending Save the Date tomorrow.
My school has a a project where we're reading globally diverse lit schoolwide to open doors to new cultures & ideas.
We will be giving away a free month membership today at one of our classes!
I even had a little Texas country playing on the iPod to make and proud!
read your article today at A List Apart. Thanks for the great advice.
macaroni & cheese tastes way better with breadcrumbs on top <U+0001F603><U+0001F44D>
jealous you are seeing the black keys! Enjoy!
not a Knicks fan but I love Toney Douglas
Up for role on Royal Pains today. Drop offs to several recently met CD's and a meet w a director for some fight choreography. Luv a busy day
KOBE WAS HOT TO LOSE A LEAD...
Happy Friday, December 30, 2011... have an awesome day!
Wish I were in Chi for this! "From Haggis to Headcheese-The Fall & Rise of Odd Bits<U+201D> Headcheese=delcious
S/O to and for makin the trip this weekend fun and drama free!!:)
There's nothing like hand drawn animation. Watching Beauty and the Beast.
I dislike new people.
Someone, anyone, text me
Had a dream last night that one of our commissioners wanted to integrate more foreign accents into speeches and wanted PIO's help. So weird.
It is only 10 AM and I have been up for 5 and a half hours...something is wrong with that.
My problem = I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
I'm emailing you some tunes now, so sorry for the delay!!
Sick opener at the game! My kind of music!
Carrie fans follow! Lauren Alaina fans are dominating this twitter!!! haha.
Best thing about biloquism. Don't really need to know!
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole live believing that is was stupid
My break? Nothing broken this way, lame :) RT Have you a picture of your break? thank you;)
damn I don't wanna go to the store .
The Power of Social Media is amazing.
life's not fair, kid!
why arent you high yet?
Glad I could be of assistance Jacqueline. Happy to help anytime.
Must be tucked away in that Narnia closet!!! lol I am mental and need HELP!! ;)
i don't fear it. i jus don't want it.
u on?
yea it's personal I'm sorry
Doin the turnpike w
I have an essay to write and two history exams to study for but the chick flicks on abc family are just too good.
two? You better ride tomorrow.
3am is the worst time to break down
We appreciate our followers!
It's a classic tho for sure RT : omg... Nadi... you like 5 years late on this song lol.
I am now offering a full line of energetic medicine products that are absolutely amazing. Email me for more
Did some window shopping today for our redesign Next step: start mood boards!
you all should come to Houston,Texas
A game of Racquet Ball instead of cleaning the booth. Fun :D
thanks for the love papi!!!!:-*
:-) Ayee this book getting kindaa good!
Learning interesting things from a customer on the hunt for her lost dog. Lots of resources from &
Omg just scared my sister.. .........Hell-larious
That moment when you LITERALLY have nothing to do -_-
who would be interested in a 2 part french pastry cooking class?!
I hate what the grass does to your shoes after you mow the lawn.
HOPE SO TOO!! RT : Also thanks to for hosting #sommchat. We hope to join you again sometime soon. Sant<U+00E9>!
ha, well it was my childhood ambition? but the movies i actually made as a child were REMARKABLY unpromising
Los Angeles, CA United States
And That's my dog. Point em out Point em out!
Hmm...I may need to look into that. I think I'd get bored if I had to do it 40 hours a week, but maybe on the side?
Don't tell me you miss me if you're not willing to do anything about it.
The site looks great. You are providing a great service to a lot of people
its nice that Smoak has 4 singles in the last 2 games, but he needs to step it up and hit for some power..
launches today with free music-related app downloads for Apple devices and Google Chrome. Please send feedback!
Shutup right quick.
It seems possible that the Dow will finish slightly positive. The NASDAQ seems destined to be down 1% or more. We've about 30 minutes left.
If u have amazing content, tools, resources, how do you most effectively use them in online lessons? Looking for resources.
If smaller series come out, or really obscure pieces, maybe we will get back in to it. But for the time being, consider us "customizers".
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
Director of Football or Basketball?
lets get to #1 baby #teenchoice vote vote vote RT??
S202 gave great talk. Big ? = how to move scholarship to web. Easy for people. Hard for the 99%
"Sleeping people have dreams. Awaken people have TO-DO lists. WAKE UP and make your dream a reality!" <U+2014>DJohnson T&B
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterverse!
Is it too much to hope that the subways are delayed because of #M1GS?
Dustin Brown is a pretty damn ugly lookin dude!
And TWENTY SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED IT.
Just had a student enthusiastically thank me for the awesome art books I buy. The PRINT ones.
Al I need your help with the Outer Space Men video you made at the comic con Email me!!! www.theouterspacemen.com thanks, Gary
today was so amazing!! the Lord is moving in awesome ways here in Clarkston GA :) so blessed to see how everything is giving God the glory!
Dam it is boring during fourth now
idk who that is. I might need a link lol
Did you already do the Naughty Dog one about story?
The harder I grind, the luckier I get!
my bff she thinks its funny that i get bullied
4 hour wait????
just relaxing.. what about u?!
I should gloat and make fun of you, but you and your city are in enough pain as it is. Hey, you can always trade for Tebow...
Aww... just seeing this. Thanks, Chris! :) RT : your girls are ADORABLE!!!
no kind words of encouragement, or words of love just "lets slam the person"
Thanks so much for the follow!
you move on quick. ha, what a joke.
I wanna eat something....Dont know what though
Hey Hope everything is good with you also...yeah I got some good projects coming soon.
My cup sleeve broke and unfortunately my laptop was not interested in having my tea :( fingers crossed...
Whoa! That just kinda caught me off guard, but definately somethin sweet to think about...
It's on my bucket list to burn one with & chat about shit like aqua socks.
These animals symbolize street art that are part of occupy movement! Neat.
you haven't texed back -_-
Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try new products, take surveys,
S/O to my partners and holding down the O for years! Powerhouseorlando.com and Kheep.com check dem boys
Nice to meet you Stan. See you all soon at a tweet chat near you!
Checked in the #Westin #Chosun #Seoul. Excellent customer service. Driver from airport to hotel. Take you right to your room. No waiting.
hey you so cute mr man! :)
I have a knot in my back <U+0001F623>
It's about time those guys got a cut of the action!
Ha! I was going to aak him to RT you but I was trying to think of a good sob story!!
just get YOUR mom to do it.
please keep us posted on the appt
dream nite club tonight 17139 shaefer off w.6MILE $5 entry..... Then to HQ for Z-Nasty party
psycho! Sad some people like that choose to be such idiots. :-P
RT : RT : Lobo women advance with win over Wyoming
thanks for the plug!
The Bates family got the hero edit tonight. No crying, no tantrums. Network notes were showing all over that show tonight.
I'm glad your gone for the next two weeks.
Great day today. Even had my favorite cake.
done too babe xx
Good morning
Had much fun and learned a lot too. Thx
Wow! Stunning doesn't do it justice!
I can still party with out drinking... I'd rather make fun of drunken rednecks around here...
Trying to figure out if there's a Teen Read Week hashtag already. Do we have one?
yeah god willing
the peruvian puff pepper
that cake is awesome <3
A15. Mom is Love. RT: Q15. Queen for a Day: In 3 words or less, with one sparkling tweet, toast your dear mother.
Proof I am a huge dork: I just purchased tickets to DragonAge: The Movie.
What up doe!!!
RT The Stack Exchange proposal for #digitalpreservation Q/A is racing along now, but still needs your support! http://...
Moca's Fresh auction this past weekend. Did u go? Did u acquire a new work? (FYI, Guild member Art Gallery Services did the lovely install)
Oh shit im still tired. So abouts to knock out. aha. Oh shit forgot I have to see if Im going to birthday thang.
RT : the owners of the building jazzbah is in changed the locks on them overnight? wtf? <--WTF IS RIGHT! Thanks 4 support!
Come to APEX Share Expo. See apexshareexpo.org
Off to LCAD to model!
nothin wrong with a little snow :)
reception at 5p.m. for new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedrichs, Dr. Gee & other VIPs welcoming her
As did Junior and Matsui.
I dont want this night to end! <3
Just got out of school, stph didn't wait for me as usual, she's getting it tommarow lol ;)
Is it bed time yet?
Come get some, you little bums. I got a lot, and you can't get none.
I think so, at least until senility sets in, should have a few good years left.
you got yourself a deal
Apparently was supposed to be at the boys school tonight but couldn't make it
Great win today Brewers! Great pitching by Wolf.... must've been the full moon... aaaahhhhh!!!!
while in the presence of crackheads, watch your shit.
Food Fact of the Day: April 23, 1985 Coca-Cola announced it was changing its 99 year old secret formula. New Coke was a big flop.
lol! No cake pops for you! U can have a little indulgence you know? So you don't go splurge on junk
always lol im cool tho just ready to get back
$640 million dollars worth of lotto tickets I'm going to disappear
Excuses, excuses, excuses...at what point exactly will you start taking responsibility for your actions?
how r u doing do u still use facebook if so u can add me on it at and i send u a myspace friend request
Book launch, "Journey to the World," poetry by Emeryville second-graders: Wed. June 1 noon Barnes & Noble Emeryville, free! Edited by me.
IF U AINT SEEN IT GO CHECK IT OUT NEW VIDEO!! D-Boy "No Feelings"://youtu.be/nEkIYy7qr7I via
": Nice! I won't kill myself Tonight after all. Always come in in the clutch! #ThatsOpeForYa!!!" Oh..nvm then
September 8th -- I'm on a team. You should. It'd be badass.
Tucsan Inn San Francisco is undergoing renovation which will commence from today until 30 April 2012
The Cold Light of Day, review: Tim Robey is appalled by this amateurish thriller starring Bruce Willis and Sigou..
that's fkn funny!
We need a last minute opener for our show in West Chicago tonight. Any takers?! :D
Zusi is a starter for the #USMNT scrimmage game against the U23 team. Good sign.
Meet em everyday , all seem to be the same . .
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
#theconversation It's rude to comment on what's inside a person-intelligence, spirituality, psyche. Should be same for outside.
<U+266C> Today in 1967 The Beatles have their 12th U.K. No.1. with "All You Need is Love" <U+266C>
*Smiles* I love you.
crazy, right?! They have an agreement with stationary.com. Have you been to papersource?
...wise words, catch the show!
How would you like to be my sexy ass twitter wife?
Broke the barrier this am on my morning weigh scale may need new battery
Its was so great seeing you last night amazing show!
How to get black people to not take wisconsin seriousley- make a song called "teach me how to bucky." ...Oh....Wait...
Haha. #orioles went with a prerecorded organ version of the Anthem. Minor league ball at its finest.
Its losing the ones that you know you should have won that hurt the most. Makes you ? Everything frm how u pract. to how u gm plan.
good for you!!!
Watching Drake and Josh.I missed that show
Hey I would futs wit it!!!
are you sure you R at the right place! Sounds like it has another word before hospital!
Stop bustin my peanuts
jesus motherfucking tits-on-a-cactus christ, we are all so very, very lucky.
listening to newboyzzz where you at
I don't need u tellin me and the next chick the same shit....
No one understands my love for Eben except Claudia. Like seriously.
What a great week! Thanks Universe! ;)
im not really in the tweeting mood today :/
5 ways to get best travel deals
Can't have all work and no play... Jamaica yes. I see.
Honestly I love my life but I wish I was a little more happy...a little stress from a lot of mess hope like hell my day goes good
stop eyeballing me
I'll pick you up. I was in town and imma boutta leave.
Tonight is the night at toc bat with model athena and I til 4am...
Where are you? That mixologist sounds like Picasso!
ALWAYS OPEN MIDED NEVER THINKING IN THE BOX I KEEP IT UNIQUE FROM MY HEAD TO THE SOCKS-YOUNG.S
Oklahoma State wouldn't score 27 points in 27 years against LSU or Alabama
such a long day thank god that it is over!!!!
clue could you interview ja rule when he get out it won't be long
There's a reason why I hate being home, it's mainly because your such a cantankerous bitch
Just had back to back auditions in 3 days. A businessman, an 1855 cursed Romanian Baron and a Mohawk halfbreed in the American Revolution.
Hi Marlee! Just wanted you to know that your website title says Academy Award "wining" instead of winning.
Based on tweets sounds like great session! Thx for sharing slides for those who couldn't go. Will check out (after Clio 2...) :)
Spent like 8 hours last night building my Inception-like dream world. Then I woke up. Now it's totally ruined.
Richard Peck: The book should never be the autobiography of the author. (whispers): There goes Proust...
I seriously was almost run over by a grown man, on Razor, scooting like a mad man, out of the Elevator! Sa-wa-uh?!
Thanks for your message. Email me at and we can share notes in more than 160 characters.
me neither.
<U+201C>A true disciple shows his appreciation by reaching further than his teacher.<U+201D> Aristotle
What kind of car would you like? You might be surprised at what we could do for you.
Thanks for the #shoutout everyone! Have a happy Tuesday!
gorgeous. I do like the name too.
i know lol i suck next tweet will be so epic you'll probably favorite it, retweet it and use it a couple of months down the line
I'm tweeting as I'm watching pre-game from YES
What time of the day did you weighin on BL?
Gah! When I log in to online, they display a full-page, high interest credit card offer with a hard-to-locate "No Thanks" button.
its because your the uglyist bitch alive
Sextones are playing, I have open slots :D
Damn. Everytime I come to work early. Something breaks. CPATHS are not linking with my code. Guess I will surf the net until my team come.
OMGG!! Can't wait to see them!
Np! Follow my band
Feel Better I Miss You N Love You Bro #NoHomo I was thinking bout u all week Feel Better! U Gunna be back in no time to bruh
A man's silence is wonderful to listen to. Thomas Hardy
PACERS win!
No traffic out. Great time for a scooter ride.
Good Morning Balloon Museum followers! The weather is telling us Balloon Fiesta is right around the corner!
right, right.
PLUS THERE MIGHT BE AFTER SHOCKS!
Hello people. haha
Our Mixer is next TUESDAY at Coppia in the Pearl! 6-8pm. Come meet new business partners.
stoked about my two new tiny tattoo additions =)
Wow u have alot of girls tweeting ya! LOL
NW- A Walk to Remember !! (:
it's time
Hi Lorren, missed seeing your tweets lately.
Well, jolly scientific of you, then
bitch are you drunk? It's a weekday!
Who will win it all today? Who are the Colonials fans cheering!?
#Blazers found their 2nd unit.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
I'm following the Pope on Twitter. Are you?
So would we!!!
IF U AINT BOUT YO WORD WTF IS U BOUT?
JAPAN, Y U SO KINKY. XD
When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. ~Jackson Pollock
It's sad how things dont work out
dude that's some Pensacola-style southern food you've got there. Where're you from again?
: #FLORIDACLASIC OIL SPill
My alter ego Ken Floogan will be on The Mashup today at 3 on WMFO.
ty for the add
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
Listed in ...Might Be Good. Woo hoo! Go
Overheard at the bar: LSU fan Bo: "That game was terrible, kinda like watching a molestation or something." Geesh, life goes on man
The city is my church!
uplifting fact of the day: one in five divorces are blamed on remyboy
Now following
This does not surprise me XD
Jason Isbell just finished up at # Oldsettlersmusicfestival. looking for !
I saw you are getting a new show. When/where is it supposed to air?
What's worth coming out at midnight to see? Testing the limits with Lockout. Low expectations but maybe the previews will rock.
You guys watching the division series? Yesterday I watched the game w/Wikipedia open, of course!
RT : Yo! went live today. Friends are doing gnarly things. Check it out and signup!
that's great!
nice one. Should mention Sleepytime Gorilla Museum too
congrats! proud of yu son..
7 weeks to train for the Marine Corps Marathon, wonder if that's enough time...
I hate going on facebook or twitter or something and seeing girls post pics of themselves asking if they are pretty. Like please shutup.
I don't know what I'm talking about either darling...
for me it's all of them
(not talking till i get my voice :3)
I do that in my product demos.. except it should not crash the system. Ugh.
A Special Mother Day Prayer goes out to our FIRST LADY and to the VICE PRESIDENT WIFE, JILL BIDEN. My granddaughter reminded me today.
weak and wrong. What happened to the "Bring the troops home" chant you guys used to say?
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
IN Quote: "What YOU think of me is none of my business."
"Terrible People" Episode 1 is online! www.terriblepeopleshow.com ... And Film Crush has a new website too. www.filmcrushcollective.com
Woohoo! Welcome! RT : Thanks! I'm super excited to join the team!
Actually, you're right. That would be good although he probably couldn't be paid enough to be on the other end of the show.
There are 3 1d photos on the popular page on instagram <U+0001F60D>
Per Cathy Norton, I am elite.
I'm just thankful Mike Keenan isn't working tonight's game.
I know! Who knew this was around?
If you can't understand my silence, how can you understand my words ?
that's awesome.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm never watching a scary movie at 3 am again.. #hatebeingalone #nosleeptonight <U+0001F630>
I play the guitar, the piano and the drums :)
Dolly sang it first. And better.
Watching the player intros just now reminds me how much I HATE the Knicks!!!
First thing I do after graduating, perform. Show at 7 in Falls Church, VA
have a passionately romantic scene together, but not homo
So excited for #BELIEVE! I can't even contain my excitement!
sitting here chilllin,
Psalm 27:14 "Trust in the Lord. Have faith, do not despair. Trust in the Lord."
I've heard several people complain about this.. do you have a preferred way of visualizing text data?
Please be more specific with ur attacks on , we've got enough rhetoric to deal with
oh, snap.
happy birthday its kinda cool we have the same birthday!:)
It is fast come up on nesting season! Have you checked your roof vents to be sure no feathered friends are moving in?
TeAmo<U+2665> Matt Hunter:)
Wuthering Heights is what happens when an author puts ONLY unhealthy 4s in a novel and has them roam free.
I KNOW YOU ARE A GREAT BUISNESS WOMAN AND WE ALL RESPECT THAT ... BUT I ALSO THINK IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH THOSE JEANS LOL
With recent tweets about Robert Allen and ugly girls at aTm, is scoring some serious twitter points during the bad OSU game.
I hope she falls into one of the machines @ work
what can I do to help? I already refer to him as a corpse in daily conversation.
Don't be mad when I make it about money when I prestige yall did it to me.
Here's the headline for or tomorrow: The Green Bay Massacre. This game shouldn't even be this close
seriously<U+2014>that was a tweet of the highest order.
awesome we'll get you in on the live tweeting action. Did you download hootsuite for android?
Amen : : Thank you very much! I'm glad you enjoyed it. Let us pray they deliver what we want!
For now just sleep my sweet.Don't worry about what tomorrow brings.So lets pretend that we're giants among common men.
School Leaders Network meeting in Kansas City this morning. We have great charter leaders here working to provide quality education.
Hahaha thanks for pointing that out. (Yes, pun intended)
Its ok baby I feel much better now thanks to you! :) Thank you for taking such good care of me!
nailed my audtion today....
Don't you have a ways to go with college classes? #justcheckin'
I wanna go home and sleep!!!
you're almost never online!
Just replied
not fighting.. Just tweeting... Peace out!
Free book Friday is back! RT this tweet for a chance at winning $75 in books! Reply with your favorite baseball team for two chances!
Missionary? No, not me I like my p*ssy from behind
you gonna be able to watch the red river shootout from Namibia or do they not have satellite in the bush
what dat be like??
i be wildn cuss im youngg
Uh yeah there was a period when you broke up with me. You can go to a girls house but i can't like a picture? That makes sense
I'll have Another!!!
l'll make like a baby...head out first. lmao...made me giggle.(:
It's only a problem if your dignity is worth more than $20.
Just liked your FB page and will follow on Twitter. Look forward to your updates.
That dress looks amazing on you Lori! Congratulations!
EVERYONE. If we gain 100 followers tonight one of our owners will go streaking through campus. LITTLE 500! Please RT!!
"Time sets the stage; fate writes the script; but only we may choose our character." - Liam Thomas Ryder
they r as good! I even end up buying colors I don't normally because when you blend them they are gorg & unique
That day was way too much much haha. Miss you too, hope youre enjoying Barce!
Visit us at Graciesbag.net for the latest savings! Don't miss the latest savings subscribe to our site for the latest updates!!
Love You Too Babe :)
Buck needs to quit horses and start teaching crustpunks how to be cool to their dogs.
my teacher said we could request a song. I automatically thought of I'm tasty, Then he said it had to be school appropriate.
app called pic stitch
Sometimes when I think about kittens, I get all emotional because it reminds me that one day we are all going to die, much like your kittens
that or like you, scoured the earth for perfect names for my kids.
what is that ? lol
Working learners have to be on purpose to be successful.
now playing homie. let's party.
maybe this makes me old, but who the eff is Karmin?
Interview in Sunday for a new job.. First time I've actually needed a job in three years
Was there a good answer? ;-) ... RT : Best faculty meeting question today, during email discussion: "Where is the cloud?"
hey amber.. can i get a follow back??
Just ate some red velvet ice cream.. it was to good
What did the earwig say as it fell down the stairs? Ear we go!
Today was awesome.
Looking over conference submission reviews and trying to not get distracted by the one reviewer who insisted on using puns for EVERYTHING.
Crankiest person live had to get 4 shots so cranky but proud of myself for not crying so tuff haha wait grr...
Obesity is the #1 epidemic in the U.S. and Visalus Sciences is the #1 solution to this number 1 epidemic. Hmm. Contact me for details! EROCK
an 8-0 run for stretching back to the 2nd quarter
At 5pm we'll share a MLK quote in honor of The King Center Imaging Project being at the #NURFC. Do you have a fave MLK quote?
I'm glad it went good! I can't wait for May 12th! My first time sharing the stage with It's an honor.
Good job football team, we're all proud of you
HARRY DIDNT CUT HIS HAIR
The divorce rate and Kim Kardashian helped destroy the "sanctity" of marriage.
I want to visit my unclee please <U+2639>
#13Days ??? Why can't it be 2 minutes.
Thanks For Following Doll! I Followed Back (: xx
Seriously? Did some girls forget to do their hair? This is national TV!
A wise man ought to realize that health is his most valuable possession - Hippocrates
Hey. Yeah, you! It's buy one, get one 50% off all month long. Why are you still reading this tweet? Come by the store right now!
im talking but inhaling
Dear Lord! Why do I have a Rick Astley song stuck in my head!!
RT : Would you like to ask me questions here on Twitter? Join me for my #AskBlair Twitter Chat on March 1st at 1pm PT/4pm ET!
What TV shows we should watch tonight - Guyism
thank u too! ;)
Especially the spouses RT : Happy Canada Day, eeh, to all our Canadian friends (and spouses). We'll tip a Labatt Blue in your honor
instead of Youk, Pedey appears to be the target in this one
SNL short was amazing and funny <3. Follow!
Hi can you please follow For me she follows Back!(:
With Great Sports comes Great Beer & Great Responsibility! Enjoy the weekend!!!!
Thanks for the love, Ideaman! Super glad you're digging the Snap . . . --Glynn
It's on ESPN3 if your Internet provider there plays nice with the worldwide leader.
that I love the fuck outta you <U+0001F618><U+2764>
Okay, I'm going to give in.. Because I'm lifeless. And that sounded wrongg.
Becoming a good listener means being bored a lot.
Hi Katy! Guess who emptied out his coat pockets today and found stuff going back to Dragon*Con?
Time for some #coleworld while I'm in the library
I would prefer to just pay cash for my one prescription because I want as little to do with my insurance company as possible. Single payer
My friend from Alabama had an interesting comparison for Upshaw. James Harrison....I agree.
what's up hey I want to do ustream?
just knowing 2 things one chris knows my first name and two hes getting better i can go to sleep happy now
If anyone has any leads on 2 weekend 1 #Coachella tickets please let me know!
Eeekkk I cannot wait for tomorrow!!
Likelihood of me having a nervous breakdown today = VERY HIGH.
hahah people took them but I'm gonna bring you guys twice a much tomorrow! <U+263A>
see, even your Middle English was off on that one. Can't take you seriously, my sweet.
YES AND...You're going to be SO sucessful! In a #hack kind of a way! You should just be an assistant!
Scan & Deliver webinar (bit.ly/r5Ifks): The Bookeye looks very neat, but I wonder how much they cost?
ekjfhewkf im going to be tweeting to fuck tomorrow since im getting my hair dyed at the hairdressers, they better make me a cup of tea!,YOLO
First ride of the season, I'll give you a redo haha! Keep training!
That Beatles track(HeyJude)that put up is the perfect way for me to start the day.
Cool platform. We'll let our Indian friends know about it.
The Demi Strip makes your eyes appear perfect... Rita @ A Cut Above 404.454.1494
Beautiful weekend ahead! Stop by Nardi's on Saturday night for the 6th Annual Kentucky Derby Party and Free Buffet from 5 to 7!
This can't be true: Mets looking at Tebow as a center field option.
thank you! I had a blast, too!
I lived in the valley during the Northridge quake. Never living in CA again. :x
Will do it!!!!! send me the details if you don't mind.
This shit is #Killing me
Substance Abuse Affects Millions, Costs Billions
Ouch " Close Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on draft day the right move?"
I didn't realize until now how much comic reading I did as a kid. I spent hours with Garfield.
Well that banh mi easily rivaled any that I've had in DC.
I feel the same way
The Tenn-Share website is currently down. We are working to resolve the problem. We apologize for the inconvenience.
N AARDVARK
I love airplanes that aren't jam packed.
Vote for anyone today.. participation in the democratic process is important .. but especially support and !
Time to buy a bike! RT: OhioGasPrices.com just sent out a price hike alert. Gas projected to jump to $3.95 - $4.09/gallon.
she said it seem like i worship sports cuz i talk about it so much lol. i told yall imma be a Analyst one day.
I would hit myself in the head with the car door
We All Want The Same Thing
when is the and the #Transcendence article coming out???
Ugh. Why is it so humid out. I'm about to go on my sushi date naked. Hope you don't mind girls.
Me freaking too!! I woke up to go do something in the basement for my grandma and woke up to that in my email from my friend.
When I bash Twilight, I do it tongue-in-cheek... ANYTHING that gets kids to read is a positive thing and should be encouraged.
Like a kid in a candy store with our new Pilates Stick, thanks so much Kim Paxton
Major congrats to on the big move to Marie Claire!
Happy New Year to all!
Nice. Looking firward to recap. just did 30 day paleo.
Gente! We have 999 followers! Might today be the day we hit 1000??
truly is a class act!
dont make dat face at me chump...u lucky u havent seen dat side of me
79 year old Korean War Vet saves fights the war of his life to Save His Home - his mortgage lender CITI finally approves
whew good thing I'm following you bc now i feel so much better :p
hey luv, thanks for saying hey!! Keep posted for luvely updates! You're a sweetie ;)
I can't imagine that site is anything but a front for prostitution.
hey dudes i just served you a bank review at socialsmack. good luck with yer other reviews :D
very excited to perform in "Lost and Found" tonight at The Actors Studio!
Oh well
uh yea!!!!! I love America's best dance crew. Someone better call me in when they r performing!
yeah i got to carried away HAHA HateLies<3Trust
Our cats do that with glasses too...jerks
May every answer give you at least one question.
what the heck you talking about?
work of art is genius. your best series ever. can't wait til its next season!
is off work the rest of the day! Got errands to run. Where are all of "Monsta Clause's" "lil' helpas" at??? Holla atcha boy! Ho ho ho! LOL
What breakfast menu item is said to have been brought to America by the Irish? a. Porridge b. Bran Muffins c. Oatmeal d. Waffles
How am I suppose to #fap with 2% battery-_-
Very excited for climbing vids tonight at the kiggins in #vanwa, after party at the source!
haha i gotcha
I love spring. Even if it does make my eyes and throat itch. =)
#reasonsthatimsingle because I can't find a guy who has goals in life.
Amen missy :) Miss you and so excited to hear ur new album loves xx
Don't do it with flaming bags of poop, that an get ugly and kind of ruins a fun prank.
Hi Twitter friend. Hope work is going well.
Download the "Live 365" app on your mobile phone, search and listen to #prettyprogressive live this Friday w/ !
Confidence boost? seek self discipline combined with a positive attitude.
What if the whole world followed me
All women are princesses, it is our right. - A little Princess
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Lunchtime! Who's heading to The Lube today for a nice Friday lunch?
that would be awesome!
Q;rate...would yyu fwm...nd can wwe txt A; 8 Yeaa I Would & Yes We Can Text .
Brittany lies to me.
me too! ! I still love yo mean ass
right, because sharks and hurricanes don't come close to the urgency of a fallen toothbrush holder
and killer riding in turtlenecks and flippity-flops
Opened SHORT $USDCAD @ 1.02081; 3% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
Poster #1 will be posted this weekend!
Hey Hun! How'd the #APUFRINGE go?
Where can you go and increase the amount of money get back on your refund by as much as 50%? See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Lmfao makes me vomit
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
You don't know how to do magic? Pfft.
Love the out doors clean air but here in the city bad air..
Take jr out of the fcking game.
insightful w the bonus of Funny
Beautiful #weather in #Charlotte #NC today! Return to #golf after 5 month brk due to bum elbow. Let's see how this goes
(Taking a break at #tocchicago)
okay so I guess I wasn't making that up about the smell! Also smells really good too
what do u feel bad bout????
The only border I would wanna be a guard at, is Borders bookstore
Dear , that's not west coast!!... Just sayin!
YES!! That would be great!!
Happy Sunday! Tomorrow Starts another work week....
well that and now I have an undying desire to slide down the top of a PNC Park escalator
Are you at Quality 16?
Richt: "...you can still over-sign with 25. ... The question is everybody<U+2019>s integrity. ... Are we all going to do things in the right way?"
A Calipari team shooting FTs well? Next thing you know, all of these wins won't be vacated in 3 yrs...
how's life? Go to Colorado yet!!?
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. - Adams, Scott
thanks so much for the green love!
you're on-food-fire tonight! woo!
you used to be one of those hoodlums... lol
Oh my am I hungry.
Open House at 4pm this Friday in Patterson Hall at University of Memphis! Come meet the Pinch staff!
great meeting you tonight!!! Btw...I'm stealing your purse:)
Reading 'Romeo & Juliet' again :x
He did not deserve a mercy killing anyway. He was a criminal and died in a humiliating manner that he deserves.
well said
Like the Darth Vader warning. Thanks for sharing. Already made my day.
At the midwifery clinic
No exams today but I still had to come to campus for a meeting.
They just showed the clip.... that some bull... LOL! Kobe good but he ain't great!
The coffee is good and the treats, oh my. Sleep well.
Pumped for this 3 game series this weekend. #Cubs need to show up!
Have you or do you know anyone who has recently moved out of state? What sites did they use to scout areas/homes??
Great game ! Thx for saying hi b4 getting on the bus! Maybe next time and I'll be lucky enough to score your auto!
Give them the full Monte #Monteball for heisman
"There are 3 raccoons in that shed, I'll give you $100 to go in there." while talking about phobias.
This homeless got just flicked a booger on me...... I'm being nice.
Keep $30 mil for #literacy and school #libraries in this year's federal funding!
Some of my husbands are straight men.
Watching The Human Centipede on #Netflix. Anyone see this #film? Oh my...
Let's go CP3! Show em' how a true point guard finishes a game!
Our stemless wine glasses arrived for the Art of Beer today. They are truely awesome. We can't wait to pour beer in them for everyone.
I really need to stop talking/singing to myself in public.
Is #sobored I #hate #not #having #anyfriends and #being single this
ThMorUKno: Revelation<U+2019>s author intended for it to be heard. It may have been written as a performance piece.
thank you, but I do genuinely hope you believe that what I originally wrote holds true to me.
Just had a great cast/crew meeting. Look forward to working with them!
trust how people want to skate you will see so many saying there otaku or a gamer after this comes out fucking epic
good pure source of
yes i am... I just got home :)
A very happy Mother's Day to my mom and all the mom's out there!
is Rugby Jones going to be at the interviews
Fucked Up's 'David Comes to Life' goes hard.
some will copy your freshness some will fear it. Others through envy and fear will blatantly hate.
I'm nothing like the Nigga you had before
Those people that stood there and watched the Harper home run roll back down the hill are crazy. I'd of jumped the fence.
Success is defined by reaching ones goal, and reaching back to help the next reach their goal....Don't stop short of your success.
Best Original Screenplay for for Super. That'd be a lovely surprise.
I'm watching travel channel and they are talking about how awesome "little dix bay" is. Sounds horrible to me
my house is filled with nomadic boxes seeking their final resting spot.
No never. He is an amazing athlete. I luv Hendo, but I don't think he nor Gustaffson stand a chance, but in MMA u never know.
Sarah Vowell just signed Unfamiliar Fishes! That was fun.
#BIEBERonTheVOICE ugh when I see this video no more ovaries
The Timeless Torches are real!
Thank you :)
Also, overloaded! :-)
have a great weekend!
I have no idea ;0 I wanna know too lol
Today Whole foods on Ponce is donating 5% of net sales to the East Atlanta and Grant Park Farmers Markets! Pretty great.
On the train to Cambridge for the evening. Have about an hour to kill when I get there, any suggestions for what I should go see?
I need more shares on LinkedIN, more Tweets, +1, BizSugar, Blog Engage votes (have to be a member to Vote), comments, etc.
girl, you were still werkin it. lol. Hopefully you enjoyed some #bootyshake . lol (:
True! It was a midi controller, but cleaned up well. Break time.
like at all!
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!!
Just saw that you had your baby. Congratulations!! :)
you didn't invite me on Facebook. Also I gotta Check with husbands work schedule Friday night
Errors & omissions in the CODATA are not a matter of opinion, rather simple facts of math & algebra. Science means your correct errors.
Of course NCAA is looking at Nerlens. Why wouldn't they! He re-classified!
We have the show tickets in our hands! Contact us and get them in yours!
Brrr<U+2026>. Rather envious of the team at
would you get turned on or offended if chris brown punched you in the face?
I remember vividly the day I completely forgot who Rick Santorum was.
It was great chatting w/you today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb -hope we can work together again soon, on your show or mine!
I wanna email him but idk how to contact him
fyi it's not Nova
ill be too drunk. just kidding...but not really.
thankful for you and all the things you've done for me!
I will never settle I don't care who or wat it is. If it ain't up to my standards then it literally doesnt exist
looking for someone here close by to play with and serve fully...
Yes, I didn't realize Sarkozy was so unpopular! RT : Anyone following the French election Round one?
Wow. This officiating sucks. How do you miss the net being off the moorings for that long?
Welcome to the office, Look forward to getting to know you more
ah just missed you guys.
thank you! :)
Other than to simply stop destroying lives to make the hardware. We could have the technology without the greed
Sorry Mike, can't. Watching kids that night.
Hello Guys!
Yo Waka Flocka "No Hands" Was The Hardest Club Song Last Year!
#sashabaroncohen and #jonstewart together right now on #dailyshow = so much
as with any good performance it takes a lot of rehearsal .... a. Lot.
It's time for you to give me a little bit of lovin'<U+FF08><U+3055><U+3041><U+3061><U+3087><U+3063><U+3068><U+306F><U+3042><U+306A><U+305F><U+306E><U+611B><U+3092><U+3061><U+3087><U+3046><U+3060><U+3044><U+FF09>Baby, hold me tight and do what I tell you<U+FF01><U+FF08><U+30D9><U+30A4><U+30D3><U+30FC><U+62B1><U+304D><U+3057><U+3081><U+3066><U+79C1><U+304C><U+8A00><U+3046><U+3088><U+3046><U+306B><U+FF01><U+FF09>
I am not an apologist for the Fed, but at the end of the day Bernanke is doing the only thing that he can do, which is buying time -Economos
but also, just to keep the record straight, if there is a line for a man, anytime, anywhere, I am in it.
nope, it won't.
and you're tweeting with this lady not with ur fans? :( #damn it
thats fucked up. I'm being jumped on from the uterus. lmao
Yes and yes.
GIANTS R GOING ALL THE WAY.
Hey Pittsburgh: Homecoming is right around the corner - make your appointments now before we get booked up!
Hahahahahahaha Ash its Kate, you fucking crazy ma bitch I'll never give your MONEY back !
nigas hate fukn wit a condom
my mood right now <
Say: <U+00BF>por qu<U+00E9> sus palabras tan fea? Even if she's gma, she shouldn't talk like that. Call her out. Awkward silence>bullying
Long time no tweet!
morning! anyone else upset about the postponed yankees game last night??
My final was suppose to posted online for me to take at 7:45. WHERE THE FUCK IS IT? DOESN'T SHE KNOW I COULD BE SLEEPING INSTEAD ?
#LadyGaga "Born this Way" debuted at #1 in 32 countries! She is a genius, I don't care what anyone says. Anyone else agree?
Rocket Fuel Packages Up CPG Booster
All three likely to be in the playoff race come July as well .
AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW SEND YOUR SUBMISSIONS TO some hot women will b on this sho it could bu
#MahoneFact Austin is performing in Philly on May 22th, in NYC on June 22th and in LA in June 24th..<3
HAHAHA. No. Left it at work. Breakfast of champions.
Damn you adderal and coke cola I can't sleep I'm going to be a
One antidote to the blues is to stay busy on home projects from 6:30 a.m. until now....and now I'm doing laundry. I'm too tired to be blue.
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE...
the sound of silence.....two napping babies.
...or B) create an app or product or whatever that has a greater impact, all the while maintaining your brand.
Kidding obviously..
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. ~ William Arthur Ward
WILD ONES REALLY DESCRIBES ME
13 More Days :D
The School Board of the San Diego Unified School District needs to refocus its attention to the needs of our children <U+2013> period.
- i miss you too & yes it has . Too long. Text me ?
Thanks for the posy mention Chris! Happy Tuesday to you.
I'm pretty impressed with what they accomplished.
suits are fantastic.
I have to stay this afternoon...God is GREAT...just had to have a mini-shout in the kitchen
Tough loss for UH. Still had one hell of a season, and Keenum deserves a trip to NYC for the Heisman ceremony.
Courtesy of now following ...look forward to connecting with you!
When people say things that bring you to your knees; I will catch you.
we may be interested. Email mike[at]viminteractive[dot]com and CC: steve[at]viminteractive[dot]com with details
You can't win on evangelicals alone.
"..It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number, so call me maybe!!"
That is marketing skills. Particularly for 's things. As always, WIP.
Ok I'll hit you up now.
I miss my faux hawk :((((
I'm not a smart ass. I am just intelligently witty with my responses.
It's 11:00, and I'm already falling asleep.
You hating on me? thats not my problem, we living in ah world where people talk shit.
I bet you went on that Lilo & Stitch ride at Disney a gajillion times. :P
New Friends
Rod Blagojevich reported to federal prison in Littleton today. I bet he could have benefited from the services of a forensic psychologist.
Love is not consolation. It is light.
I love hearing the indy cars on the track from my backyard :)
Spring cleaning in the air. 2 car driveways cleaned $75 when you mention twitter, vegaspressurewashing.com
FOR SOME REASON i CNT..i WOULDVE BEEN SLEEP WHEN i GOT OFF WORK...
You have to seek opportunity.
crutches adult
No big deal or anything though<U+2026>.I only lost about 3 years worth of pictures friends and music!!! =(( ugh damn myspace lol
All I want is you
I don't feel like takin this EOi
you are absolutely gorgeous! come to NYC we should chill <3 love you!
I'm twisted.......door knob
Keep making us Packer fans proud!
Unerve the nerve, youre nervous, nervous that I'm right.
where you going in that thing girl? Picking me up? ;)
Awesome I can buy you a drink when we hit a game together. I know we will get carded cuz we look way too young. Lol
No Matter Where You Go, You Are Who You Are!
way to beat Pats is getting pressure with 4 man line and re-routing small receivers, no one has or can do that yet this season.
All these celebrities in the H tonight tho <U+E420>
Ted Nugent pleads guilty in illegal AK bear kill
Me! Already have my tickets!
Wow you guys are awesome! Keep those likes coming!
This random little girl ran over to me screaming and then she slapped my butt WTF!!!
: that's cool,we can be neighbors LOL
I just spent about 8-seconds frantically looking for a ring that was STILL ON MY FINGER. It's been that kind of day. Calgon take me away...
iPads in the Classroom: Apple Takes Aim at the Textbook Market
Tangled is a strong flick... I'll stand by that statement next to your husband and son! ;-D
How young is he? I have a kiddo on my caseload who had horrible ear probs...tubes in in July - crazy verbal now!!!
Boo, is that rain I smell?
Not happy with the customer service from #themeforest Seems a technology company could apply better tech to their service
69 followers? We could be into that.... Anyhow, tell your friends about our tunes, and we'll tell people about you how nice you are
Good to hear
Yikes. Thats a bad sign. RT : Dave, I had free tix and gave them back. Not into this team one bit.
just like to let you know that ( a cow) RT me yesterday. This really excites me? I want a milkshake now :)
Have any of you checked out our BandPage tab?
nice... used to fuel a ton of them down in florida
hey what color r your beats?? Lol jw... =))
I am the king of sinful sots!
Is it rude to wish a diabetic "Sweet Dreams?"
"ambition is priceless, it's somethin in ya veins..... And I put that on my name" <3
thanks rebecca! how are things?
Ok, I'm thinking that you traveled with Doc Brown ala Back to the Future and came back with a Sports Almanac book.
thug life ..
Nice talkin to yall yesterday! Anytime you need some info on Buehler just let me know ;o) Yall are awesome and Love yalls show!
I'm sorry ! 10 hours is apparently my line these days. This is when I've had enough. So it goes. I'm going to go forget.
I really enjoyed your reading last month @ #PoetryPages&Scribes. pleased to Tweet you. Thanx for the add.
I possess the power of THOR!!! Lol
One of my social media students just started using Twitter. Please say hello to !
Peter Thiel. Best Investment Ever? Paid $500k for stock now worth $2.5B
Haha. Close. Steam is an online video gaming platform a company named Valve created. Oversimplification, iTunes for indie games.
Scared money dnt make no money lol so i must be brave
he is
NO HE JUST HIT ME WITH A WE NEED TO TALK!!! I WANNA CRY
who was u talking about then
Glee Cast Are Inspirations sssssssssssi <3
#Bears well get there ass kicked tonight
On top of the Empire Hotel for Nautica...look for pops of pink, tailored separates and nautical stripes this spring!
Wanna know what you need to do?
Thanks for the RT, friends!
Cam gigandet , why must your face look so amazing?
We are interviewing for an internship for the summer 2011 season! Applicants may inquire further at
Bristol TN/VA area tweeps - you MUST go visit the new Food City on Euclid. AND fill-up w/Value Card for $3.30/gallon!
Use a problem my niggga
I fucked up and I'm not afraid to admit my mistakes. #live&learn
I dont think so.
if your brunch includes drinks, don't forget to see if the venue uses bartab to save $!
Eric, how is Riverside doing in the tournament?
You know this is fault for saying UK might lose then would win a close one. Flip flopper.
<U+201C>: All cows in the world have different patterns of spots and not a single one has them identical to another.<U+201D> holy shit! $$$
Is your music writer Rob on Twitter? I need to give him an internet high-five about his choice for Album of the Year
Fuck the older guys that are more immature than my younger brother
#bullshit keep wishing I'm your momma at boxing. I OWN YOU.
following me dats whats up young money cash money
Your My Backround On My Phone......I Bet You Feel Good
Ok, I admit it: I want Google+. An invite would be greatly appreciated if possible:
congrats on the lease. i'll raise a glass with you all on friday.
other options: do more than one thing, do a very simple thing, change meaning of "wide", change your standards.
So sad to hear Teena Marie has passed away. RIP Lovergirl!
Hey you're making a big mistake cancelling The Finder. Bring it back for a 2nd season!! The fans want it!
Whew! Just finished the last graduation announcement. Congratulations to all grads! Commencement just one week away ...
my bed is calling me. night:)
Love your perspective - you inspire me
i want spiderbites. what do you think?
Benjamin Disraeli~ The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
Done deal. Stamps, no erasies
No worries.. He will tell you how to get down when you are in a covenant relationship. Be sure to listen!!
People are disgusting. Now I know that I don't need to be on Twitter on Sundays for sure!!!
all i see is a little blackbox
Baby promise me you'll stay (stay) stay baby #song stuck in my head
If you want to promote LIFE contact Brendan @ #Onething11 via Lovesick
Huh...that was supposed to say engrossed, but now it just sounds like I think our website is gross. Sigh..what are my fingers doing?
didn't know the 120 makes a tour of harbor island
my nap>
Don't allow people to push you to the point of rage. That's the window of opportunity for the Devil to possess you.
perhaps I should have read the whole post... I thought u were talkin about a real hockey game:)
every hotel has people :P
Why are you moving to Miami?
30 professionals w/ their images, 8 Institutions collaboration, 3 BPOC staff hosting all, ...
Thank you, Nancy! Thank you so much for watching and your kind words!
Same to you!3
Please make plans today for your new years eve rides, or if your going to a house party turn it into a pajama party! Be safe!
YES!! RT : I love listening to Landau Eugene Murphy sing ..sounds like Sinatra has been reborn. #AGT >Close your eyes and he is.
Immelt chairing jobs council meeting with POTUS. "We need sense of urgency and a bias for action"
where is this magic place that you live where people not only know who is, but, they come in on time?
Gotta crack that whip;-)
thanks karine! you rock! we'll be posting new songs soon so keep it touch with us!
Do we really only have 2 weeks left?
my bad it was raining
What is your favorite pizza topping?
Vanderbilt tennis teams earn NCAA tournament invitations
Being forced out of the house to go to Starbucks.
Oregon does have it going on. Right? Love it - never leaving.
I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.
I Have Ice Cream C:
LOL, Night Night
Remember how awkward it felt to wet the bed? I miss those days.
I NEED A DRINK !
Thoughts on Seahawks QB situation? As a Wisconsin guy, I would love to see Russell Wilson win the job right away!!
couldn't agree more better everything at Chipotle
Spread the word! RT : Hey congrats on the commitment to feeding families in Africa through !!! -ZS
aha Just Watched & 's Ratchet Girl Anthem Official Video...I Can't Get Enough Of It, Its A Must See... Watch It!! :)
<U+201C>: Nobody will change until they want to, so stop frustrating yourself by trying to change other people. Pray, and let God work!<U+201D>
thanks for the mention! We hope you enjoyed the painting party!
After your dose, stop by within Harbor East
that is awesome
I need to get these swim trunks and iPhone case, maybe a few shirts oh and some socks
Was a barb wire tattoo on a man a good choice at some point in history?
yeah, sorry, kids were in VIP Suite enjoying cookies & cupcakes, had 2 bolt before sugar high!
Bravo to #Fox5sandiego for apparently snagging #KTLA's best reporter: #JamieChambers. Loved his Dad...
that could be a good thing or a bad thing lol
We really have the best followers. So much support and encouragement from the paranormal research field. :)
#theElbow heard 'round the metta world.
+eleventybillion RT : I guess you could say Joe Ricketts's chickens have come hoome to roost
Seeing Leah cry breaks my heart.
Poor life choices? Right there with you.
all 1 of them?
Liberty City for Obama meeting today at 3pm. Contact me for details.
Headache still here.. Gonna try these meds one more time.. Back to sleep for me..
Working on my last term paper ever...till I get into graduate school, heh.
How could anyone forget you and your awesome ties? ;)
I decided to name my spider Harold after a suggestion from He does seem less threatening!
My cat naps alot. I'd better research oxygen, it's in the air after all. Oops!! Google decided to show me oxycontin instead! Wow.
Keep your passwords organized and in one place with our new Internet Password Book available now
"Big hat, no cattle."
ok! We should find a time in the next couple of weeks! I have a work conference this weekend so hopefully no 530 gym times!
so the rapture is happening on Saturday taking all the Christians away, hmm, I don't see a downside
She is so lucky, but why does she cry?
if you live to be 100, i hope i live to be 100 minus 1 day, so i never have to live without you.
Nothing better then a lazy afternoon in a pool, with sunshine...We count those days here in Wisconsin
7 year old just said "TV is good for learning how to give attitude, be a rebel and what conditioner to buy"
Thanks for the RT re: Smithsonian "Ramp it Up" exhibit Chance to expose the importance of the sport!
thank u thank u, appreciation
you're forgiven... This time. Hmmpf. Haha ;P
Homer visits a therapist who somehow reverses his role with Bart! Paul Rudd guest stars as the therapist watch with us at 5!
Ok. The adrenaline has worn off. I am going to sleep the sleep of the extremely sleepy.
If you choose to hold pain, that's the vibration you will teach the body. If you choose happiness, that's what the body will learn to hold.
it was a wonderful letter. didn't realize the connection, but totally makes sense and the world is much better off thanks to you
Limits of Free Speech: you can't yell "Friere" in the middle of a crowded faculty meeting.
Safe travels !
my slootometer is off the charts
Thank you chip kelly!!
hey there..u good?
They were really basic questions, so I think they understood. I think they just wanted to ask a question, and had no ideas.
oh hai thanks for the shout out
go all out or go home :) :) lol
yeah, I know how that is. My computer bench is a wreck right now.
Morning although its 15:31 in UK!:L xx
Welcome aboard! RT : officially sent in my BU deposit!
<U+201C>: I put it already a while ago<U+201D>
I leave town and you turn into a Sioux Falls bar hopper?
#BREAKINGNEWS: Portland Fire say another white powder envelope has been found at the Marquam Plaza Medical Building. 6th total scare.
seriously. Crazy world we live in.
So tired of the "who else are you going to vote for?" from the White House. That's domestic abuse logic.
Yes, I know Parenthood is on!
Just seeing your last 3 tweets, I'm gobsmacked you only have 7 followers. Must be the Packers love... ;)
A million congrats!! That's awesome!! Go Brooke!!
IN OTHER NEWS HOLY FUCK AM I BORED.
Thank you, Joe! RT : Nice presentation. Thanks. Joe Barnes
oh wow datz was HOT!! when are u puttin it out ??? cuz im buyin dat
Does anyone know where to get some good business cards?
Texting and picture mail that doesn't cost money to use
Tonight we pullin out that little black dress
If I was a hot girl people would like my Instagram pics.
": When ure tempted to get discouraged, use that time as a reminder 2 thank God that He's fighting"/God isn't fighting; he's won!
Just had an epic movie moment running through the airport & catching my flight RIGHT before they closed the door. Hope my bag made it too...
we are cray and love them
Time for
May eBay auction will begin Friday May 11th. An auction preview will be out later today!
Yes almost there! I just have four weeks left of school
u to old to be wearing that shit away
Stopping by #KPL then off to ikea with
Cincinnati Straight Edge, you disgust me. After the crap you pulled last night, you better hope the Police find/have found you.
it's all good, we out here getting it one way or another
I'm not 19 anymore! My body is not ready.
Thanks so much for the kind words. I'm happy to share them. Too sweet to keep them to myself.
Ironic...and sad. And clearly discriminatory...smacking of cultural profiling.
Curled my hair, but a bunch of hairspray on, so if my hair goes uncurly tomorrow I will be pissed!
He agreed to marry me.....so that pretty much means we can have sex...right? So agreed to have sex with me..... -DEAD-
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister
Thank you!
Who's watching Mad Men tonight? What attracts you to this show? What doesn't?
Caramel macchiato with an extra shot of expresso.... Please help me study!!!
So true!!
It depends on the individual. I do not get bothered very easily. I thought you did a good job of tying it to recruiting.
Have fun in Newport News!
Z call me when Pauly D shows up.
Thanks for the follow!
Brett likes to put his hands on the steering wheel likes he having tea with the queen lol
You sure know how to put me in a good mood
#FF Follow -- Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando
living it
Patrick Swayze died?!?
No one can see right now. We need him on a #smashbrothers track.
but they only serve that in Canada. Rehor lives in the U.S.
#running in the rain, refreshing way to start the day!
it's well appreciated!
Today is already not my day.
There is something amiss Still my confession draws you near
Exactly. We may not transition tomorrow, but that doesn't mean you should teach for the day when we will.
I missed you! I can't wait to see you soon :)
Yes subway! Guac!
Enjoyed "Why it's hard to invest sensibly"...a realistic assessment for the average investor...thanks in advance if you follow back!
"Academic" panels in the am, Public Hist panel in the pm--fitting for this US/Public History PhD student.
I get to work with again today!<U+0001F601><U+0001F697><U+0001F699><U+0001F695>
Boring ass day n everybody have attitudes
lmao I couldn't but might be better suited to race you in her new mustang convertible ...she might win tho lol
It sure will be so we hope to see you at ! RT : it does look awesome and sure is much more fan friendly!
Real nightmare! RT : Did I dream #Browns took backup DT nobody heard of in the 3rd or did that really happen?
awesome! Glad you're liking it so far. Let us know if you like to post ever!
Hippy Easter to you too.
For the record #Nikki you sound like 50 CENT for real lol and you don't wanna be in the same category as him lol
playing #Up with Cristiano in phone. Oh wait, thats me! playing with myself(:
got any questions send em in we are about to start recording. Any thing you want to ask go ahead!!
omg chris followed me!
Did an amazing job and looked very sexy as usuall!
It can never be bought or borrowed or sold A gift to be cherished, True friendship is a treasure beyond compare.
sigh.I don't have the time/energy/letter space to condense constitutional law n2 a format that u will understand
What, were they all outta Listerine?
new book-binding supplies are on their way, but i'm getting antsy... must. make. something. by. HAND.
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying
he was totally into it. Drinking a corona. Living the lifestyle.
New single Desolate up now!!! moody plodding darkness;)
All day smoke sum weed
Gonna make my boo feel real special later ;))
sorry for the late response... But yes! Real Madrid
definitely! The music label work sounds like a lot of fun!
Top of the morning to ya Seattle. Did you know we only serve the finest ingredients in our paninis: coppa ham, prosciutto, Italian provolone
I have no more cucumber watermelon lotion or cherry blossom lotion
people are disgusting and so narrow minded!!!
hahaa really?! I work at the one in Arlington and they're not hiring for seasonal, but idk maybe the other ones are
If you end up with a masters in journalism or something communications related you will have prof application for twitter!
Tonight! The Hat Guys at JW Hollstein's in Tinley Park! Music starts at 9:30pm. Need we say more?
Do you use our website, LRS.org? If so, we're curious to know how you use it? What features do you like best? Let us know!
I'm about to ruin your life. Idc Anymore.
I'm Kinda Scared Cuz I Checked His Horoscope And It Said Tht He'll Be Going Through Change :(
hey check out our new foundation and the great cause we are supporting!!!
KYSCO is trying to reach 2,000 tweets by the end of the week. Someone really needs to piss us off so that I can reach our goal.
u know u care <U+E414>
just need to know the city and where to park an cab it or walk
yes! u got some mail at the house too. let me know when u r free...in between ur work and work.
Just got off at Chinatown for database training Can't wait for my first day on Monday!
I need 3 new Bras from VS like right now!
Its gross I'm sorry!
Check Out Our Live Video Clip For Our New Song Called "Even Freaks Need Love Too"
Ha! Same here. I am throwing in the towel this year and will only plant some new annuals in the front planter.
I did not know that! Thank you for the tip! Will be in touch!
...and we have Caprio, with the Hoyas up 74-57 and 21 seconds to go. I think it's safe to say the drought is over
Haha soon man missed you the otha weekend.. was gettin the hair worked fam.. still dealing wit this long hair shit...
Not only when they tweet!!
Yup, I appreciate it. I'm writing an article about long gone Pgh breweries. I'll shoot you an email this week. Thanks!
How come the one time this summer it's rainy in Portland has to be during the perseids?
Yep i am eating a McRib.
See you on the trails, robin.
posting times and dates for hard rock cafe soon as i get all the info
Foreplay or intercourse?
alrityy me and chelsea looked nickroux up on googlee and we have decided he has brown hair.!! lol (:
Time for some netflix!:D
Yea I tweet
The Red Sox first win of the season is against the Yankees. Damn, that made my day!
OUR GIFT TO YOU: Receive a $10, $20 or $30 gift card with purchase over $50 this weekend only! See Terms and Conditions for details.
Mother, mother #Ocean, I have heard your call. Wanted to sail upon your waters since I was 3ft tall. You've seen it all, you've seen it all.
The search for truth is more precious than its possession ~AE
WELL SOMEBODY KILL IT ALREADY
Fifty largest state and local law enforcement agencies the largest state is New York (NY) Police 36,118
Just checked the fantasy baseball standings and it looks like I'm in first again?! I think we need another jorts bet...
Now Rep. Benson is attacking gambling expansion in Vikings stadium.
hello bro. Miss you!:)
Arrived in Oxford Junction, Iowa. Sleeping @ community center 2night. Video update will b uploaded when i have wifi.
Stila waterproof smudge sticks are the best liner they glide on with no tugging or pulling! Love love love it they come in so many colors .
RT : JUST ANNOUNCED pt 3: Presents Simmer Down Sunday 5/27 (free late show) <U+2022> Brandon James & The Middle City...
Oh my god, Rebecca Black wants too duet with Justin Bieber. Perhaps she doesn't know that Justin made fun of her "Friday" song, hahah..
add me on natskey
On my way to the Sag-Aftra Rally
In History......You cares about dead people?! They were here, they are gone! End of story!
Great show! Also caught "Our Song". Yoou've captured the attn of my 14yr old. KUDOS!
also the number of times he's whined about not having a "Nubian slave" to rub his feet is really appalling
ah gotta love 4am out of town transfers... Lol... I love my job... :)
oh gosh.
hi. How are you today?
After disconnecting myself from the social media world this past weekend..I am officially now back in the game. Happy Monday, tweeps.
My rangers timeline is all proud of their 7 run lead over a 16-19 team. Royals did that with an 8 run cushion. PREPARE FOR A 2 GAME SWEEP
doors justed opened for tonights finale w/ ! still time to make it down.. show starts @ 7pm RTRTRT
Hey, i'm john, i'm Shannon's brother, I think she sent you a picture of me. I'm the one with the blond hair! :) Haha.
I heard it was really good.
annoying ppl piss me off
SSI benefits may not be impacted by settlement of a personal injury claim.. Learn more call 855-385-2529
Are you at #iwny!? I'm at the Bloomberg presser.
Im gonna reply on here from the facebook question.... she told the douche she loved him.. to me thats cheating on the other guy
I. CAN. BREATHE.
No secret flavors this week, but stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter. There could be another secret flavor soon!
Ikr..but nothin much. What've you been up to?
S/O to bestfriend for achieving so much this year, you deserve it all man
Last person I voted for on a "reality" show was We HAVE to vote 4 on #DWTS!!! 800-868-3403! 12 votes per line!
I'm doing the same thing. Got one graduated & another in 3rd grade.
It's freezing in The Natti so I'm California Dreaming. We got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, as they say.
maybe he leases 15 at a time.
Happy Halloween!
lol & I had a pretty good day
shut up
When I was 15, I was a bagger at Meijer and the Baja Men had a concert in the produce section. Seminal moment in my life.
:") thank love! <U+201C>: My sister is definitely a #SuperMom<U+201D>
exactly. Heck I have been watching NBA tv and Twitter enough to know I won't even switch the channel to watch the game lol.
Had my first pumpkin spice latte of the season. It made my day!
My cuzzin moving out in july i can't to meet my next roomate
Yes, it's really becoming an issue on the west side
I will be honest with you... You are attractive. (;
follow first and I'll follow back =)
Gloria Steinem~ Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Watching HGTV real estate shows stinks. This lady just bought a decent, 2k sqft house in the city for 109k. Granted the city is St Louis.
Well played, LoMo. RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
An important factor is how you address your customer on your site.
Common sense isn't that common. If it was, ux designers wouldn't be needed.
If only. My face is in need of some delighting-off.
it's all rigged and he's too chicken to fight Manny
Can't make it during business day #WoSup :(
who are they routing for? Better be the Eagles! Those are my boys! Haha
I just have to keep reminding myself that nothing worth having is ever easy. Especially for me. I've never given up. Never will.
I wont hurt you.
As someone who was a contractor for years, that attitude makes me twitch so bad.
another Miami Packers fan! Quite the rarity.
sorry - but it'll be a pink court at the french - will be pink to celebrate something womanish.
In honor of Napoleon....
The elements of a purpose filled life are joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. #Gal522,23
Happy Thanksgiving all! Enjoy the football games and the turkey.
So much work! So little time.....
we'll we definitely have to get a beer, well be in Germany! ha! Gabe's working on his speeches right now. See you there! :-D
Stop my Marvin Center lobby and Donate to the Whitman-Walker Clinic! We have cupcakes, brownies, condoms and info on HIV/AIDs!!
Good start. Began the day with some banjo, which is a tricky thing to do without waking everybody up.
": Who up #Alone" always up hey
I feel you there are only a hand full of ppl i trust ppl are fuckin dogs shit eating dogs
thanks for the reward video today I was surprised but it was cool thanks again looking forward to the album
Can't FOCUS today!
HA! RT : Today must be my lucky day. Got not 1, not 2, but but 4 notices informing I just received 6MM USD. Just have to...
Just really wish I had been able to go out and see him. I need a car soon. Next time I have to invite him out.
i admit there are two things that drive me crazy: women who pee on the toilet seat and people who make excuses for not doing their work.
Thanks for the info on Carrier!
I would like to do an interview with you for my show. Email me at if you're interested.
i hope you know how much looks like you, at least in his twitter profile pic. i seriously think it is u everytime
Prayers go out to the two people hit outside Raynor.
Good Morning World
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: A mark on the face of your lover, the samurai who did it, your choice of weapon, "Konichiwa, doo-doo head!"
Keep dreams alive!! Support Live Music this weekend. Take it further & buy a CD or t-shirt while you're there. It takes a village...
looking for a prom dress (:
woops. I mean: Prost! with my lovely lady.
Rhinos are just fat unicorns.
This Twitter page showed inactivity since last year, and that's why it was unfollowed.
Celebrating my bday over some casual beers watching a bluegrass band at a dive bar in a sweatshirt... It's official, I'm 40.
attention attention attention I love you bestie! Nuff said
we must be related. RT I'm so lazy.
are you still going to do younow tmrw? Thats what gets me throught the day! #excited (: <U+2665>
I think your arms are tired when you can barely get your suit top off after the swim. 2500 yds straight sets
I may be high as fuck....but....isn't #kobe supposed 2 take that shot?...or Bynun @ least?...or Pau....did I imagine it was it Steve Blake
Bookslingers! I love me some Morrison as much as anyone, but the post-Nobel period is ripe with stinkers. Is the new one worth it?
Iconic, much-loved Central Liquor sign has vanished from F Street. What happened?
623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean what can we help you with, or teach you to help yourself?
Haha I need off sometimes so I can get that b-roll as needed! Plus thank you for the b-day wishes!
Just found out that Travel Channel is re-airing Mud People tonight!!! Show your love again tonight at 11PM EST, 10PM CST, 9PM MST, 8PM PST!
Looking for cheap flights to SF next week on short notice. Tried the usual sites. Anyone have any ideas?
wait... Is that the cottages? Ps lets blade back in Northwood hills haha
Times change; people don't. - Judy Blume
I didn't realize we were arguing. Rather, sharing perspectives.
are you there at the parade, Brian?
finally got the smell of dead baby pigs off of my hands <U+0001F437>
Wow watchin my sister beat up my bro haha the men that america makes lol
In love with life. Day after day I need to tell myself to be consciously grateful. reminds me too.
Law and Order >>>> Cut the grass
<U+201C>: Those people that think they're the shit and think they're better than others, LOL bitch please<U+201D> 50 % of my school
The Baltimore Ravens are 2-0 in pre season, people are feeling pretty good about that in Charm City!!
Neat! Will keep an eye out. RT : I'll have a BBQ piece in this Sunday's Texas edition of the New York Times print copy.
greatest weekend of all time
And so, like a good but weak soldier, Komen has essentially destroyed itself: hardline leftists will never forgive it; hardline rightists w<U+2026>
1 of my favs. I read this to my son's flag f-ball team who lost in 2nd round of playoffs Fri. We had a heck of a party tho!
Bless U!
I got my HaleyWaley's back.
Just for the record I've known 's music for like over a year ....but I guess I can share the love of his talent with u stugots
Is it September again?
You are so awesome and I can't wait to se what else you have instored for us all.. Keep me updated..
at least for ARod and Kobe those were salary numbers. Pacman leads the way.
For these teriyaki fajitas to be this good.....
Back from bootcamp and completely soaked! Am I training for a tri?
Is that a burger... with an... ORANGE on it? Win-win-win for the burger, the orange, and the eater I'd say.
Wrap your mind around this: the number of sexually abused men equals the population of almost 15 of the lowest populated states.
U SMILE I SMILE WWWOOOOAAHHH <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> AARRGGGGG <U+2665><U+2665>
If anybody needs a cranky radical to run their tiny little broke library, rest assured I can
I only use it to be a little more polite. I try to keep it Rated G on here.
I have literally spent this entire morning looking at photos of myself...
My eyes are on fire.
I'm just here to help
Do u know Bebek?? Of course one can never compare'm..but I wanted s.thng at least that has water, nice people etc so I don't miss Bebek ...
Thank you Michael Jackson for your incredible music
Damn, if I only had a hammer<U+2026>
Don't forget about Reptile Day today at Wehr Nature Center from 1-4pm.
Yes! We'd love to collaborate. Feel free to shoot Mia an email at !
The alumni Cougs are looking a lot flyer than the co eds right now
The charity near & dear 2 me is Ronald McDonald House Charities Northern Cali.
Padres give up there one good player for 3 Boston prospects. Should be a really great season next year. :P
I had a nice vacation in Grenada 2 yrs ago. Tiny place; very pretty. RT : Remember when Reagan invaded Grenada?
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to me.
QT : *sings* HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY..BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE ^____^ Lol
Happy Friday everyone! And a beautiful one at that!
June 29th,Section 3,Row L #1DTOURUSA I'm an Irish Dancer so I can all five of you boys irish dance for me?-Madison
What is wrong with the women on the bachelor this season.
Sure is Big Guy!
It's supposed to rain all weekend. I can hardly wait to hunker down and do some stitching. My machine is calling my name :-)
The chicken has left the coop
Esther Cepeda: Stop your pandering - Indianapolis Star
Where is this meeting on LEED at and who's attending?
Why won't he text me? :(
#sschat, thank you! I always feel lost!
Uh-oh. There goes my sinuses again<U+2026>
You mean getting a word in edgewise?
I couldn't weight on my wait anymore! RT : I souled my sole to the Devil.
why you up so early? Flying again?
I had to step away, missed Tyler Perry. But I recorded it!
Ya manda and there is also an unfollowed button
Nope. If it happens it happens but the chances are slim and getting slimmer lok Xx
Wouldn't Lindsay V and Tim T make a cute couple?
K and FYI I swear to "God" I have used "Rebel with a cause" forever. And what happened bella? Your talking slow down? LOLOLO
ACLU's Jay Stanley is concerned about #NSTIC and warns that cyberspace is not just fur commerce. It is also an avenue for expression.
what to do with a pound of quinoa?
All of this subtweeting...
#Seattle won the #snow war w/ #Portland. Big time. One flurry in SE #PDX this morning and now it's sunny. I'll take it.
and we are going straight to <U+26EA>
My winner: Jon Huntsman. I like a silver fox and some reason.
I love that movie! She cracks me up in it.
Mark the time: I just saw someone use Siri for a real purpose, not showing it off to friends.
Ha! Hamels! Welcome to the Bigs, Rook!
b-b-b-but they helped me realize that my e mail list is my personal gold mine!
That's odd, everytime I watch it I just keep visualizing her rear.
I wanna meet her so badly!!!
#LeapYear freakout! Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
going to order in some Thai food and watch all the episodes of "The Killing" I've missed this season.
Paola, do you view timbre as able to communicate specific things or add to the meaning of words in your vocal compositions?
yes, please.
Lordie. Which charity is that for?
October youth football scores announced - TCPalm
Hey #followfriday #FF lets start following
Margarita's Mexican Food and oyster Bar has a neon "SUSHI" sign in the window.. :/
Tomorrow is payday! Hell yea
#10FactsAboutMe I'm trained in 5 different forms of martial arts.
Planning a New Year's party? Please note that we will be closing at our regular time that night - 10pm.
So when we tweeted to add to the line up, it didn't change anything? Should we do it again?
leave them alone
Umm<U+2026> Jonathan Cude from McKinney<U+2026> not so nice<U+2026>
Had a blast yooo
Working on lyrics for a country tune I'm cowriting with a buddy. Feel like I should burn some coffee or something to get the mood going...
Hey you! It's been a while kiddo! How's life in LA TV treating you? Love following your tweets..:) Invite me up! I'm there!
... then finished the night by delivering 40 yards of native mulch In Spring Valley! What can we do for you??
#20ThingsAboutMe even if I say I don't like someone, it's usually just temporary. I get along with like everyone.
testing. testing...
send it to my email and ill check it out and let you knw!! In box me
happyjoel you're not friend of mine!
A Woody Allen movie a day keeps the madness intact.
Another exciting day away from the boredom that goes by the name Roanoke
Do you think Chicago has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
right haha fuck se<U+00F1>ora I still hate her stupid buck teeth weird ass
Thanks for all the connections! Visit us on FB too at: www.facebook.com/TheOhGroup
end 2011 in first. Happy New Year folks!!!
The Queen Bee website is back! Check out the new items from Shoshanna, Autumn Cashmere, Splendid and more! www.queenbeegirls.com
We have uploaded a lot of new styles on our Facebook page. Check it out and let me know what you think :)
Scott County Cards face Marshall Co. in Sweet 16 first round Thursday at 6:30 p.m.
Where is Nelson's?
I'm gonna cry next week
#HIWI spirit! Almost finished moving my son into a new apt. Looking forward to traditional oversized meal & beer as reward.
Aye lets work wit da work lol
I'll definitely see you! Did you go to the salon?
was it. Lol
how beautifuk it is! the colours are so fine and smooth!
YES! Seder dinner here they come has Passover chocolate & coconut macaroons #nomnom hat tip
when Tom Dewey found out that Ed Flynn had made me a deputy sheriff in the '20's, he railed about it at a City function some 20 yrs later
The Legendary Connie Hawkins looks good. So does the Original Sun Dick Van Arsdale.
One of my favorite moments is lying in bed and listening to the storm roll in. Now all I need is a good book and a big mug of tea.
I believe its "synced" "sunk" would just be stupid. haha.
Just as long as you have a path than your good in life.
Another Lost Dog - Small 12-15 lb. dog found in San Jacinto, CA. White dog with Brown on face. Call 909-731-1904
boo that's almost like false advertising
you are most welcome
Can't tell if im nausious or anxious. Wtf.
is manufacturing wholesale & catering.
i would never lie to you Nikie like that ex best friend you told me about who would like criticized u on our hero
Maaybe :) when are u off traveling again?
congrats on Ebony's power list! Found out today I'm on it too for my work on sickle cell! Yay!
Ppl wonder why Pgh has the US's friendliest drivers. Easy. After dodging potholes & deer all day, other cars seem downright lovable.
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. Frederick Wilcox
hahaha says the man from WV. I for one enjoy country.
half the time im not sure whether to laugh or cry while watching your show haha love this show though
Smile in your sleep
Definitely the Sun Chips and hummus. Yum!
Because I outgrew Flintstone vitamins 2 years ago. RT "Why are you still eating gummie vitamins?"
Watched "Best In Show" last night and spent the whole time thinking about how all the dogs in that movie are probably dead by now.
George Michael still rocks the Christmas songs...
focal length and curvature.
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
Welcome to the real word....
You have a good weekend too.
thanks! See you soon at !
Glenn Big Dog Robinson
Nate the great!
About 17-18 years old. Yeah, I feel like I've heard the pronunciation but so interesting that it's making its way into spelling!
Thank you! I'm so glad we had the chance to do this :)
They are trying to make me give up my CA drivers license! I lived in another state and another country with it. #westside till I die. No way
besides - the fact that #metrotwit has ads (I know it's free) is annoying me!
eating candy and thinking why peope do stupid stuff
Are you gonna cosplay o.o
"The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts." C. S. Lewis
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
Making Edmond very proud.I lived there for 4 yrs & graduated EMHS(only high school @ time jrs & srs.)Keep up the great work.
Y or N: the Sheed-Sabonis towel-throwing incident was the moment the blazers decided to never win a championship ever again.
Sounds wonderful. We hope you have a good one :)
Thanks for the support over there in Oklahoma! Shine responsibly!
um your family will always be there for you.
out waiter at roots tonight was a south african that had lived in australia and new zealand and graduated from madison.. new bff? um yes
no problem! :)
Fireworks by <3
is excited about the upcoming new recording!
you suck
That new Megadeth kicks some serious ass...
Our ALA Annual Conference Panel Discussion is starting in just a few minutes! Come to room P-206 to be a part of the conversation!
Mom made me go to sleep at 8 last night so I could get 10 hours sleep. Huh? I don't need that much sleep. Tonight I am going to lock door.
apparently I'm supposed to say yes when asked if I have a boyfriend. Who knew?
We 10 followers away from 700!!! Show us some love!!!
RT : Not to mention his peoples alwaus concerned about who im still with or where they think they saw!
thanks for following us! Have you checked our app to sell your awesome vintage pieces?
OMG im not tired
Puking in toilets makes me barf. I get so grossed out seeing people passed out with their head resting on the seat
Hey guys @ Buffer - why you no return emails? I need help on the floating Digg Digg bar and no one has emailed back in weeks...
Sleep, you illusive creature.
Great coach wish her the best! RT : Knoxville News reporting Pat Summitt steps down as Tennessee women's head coach.
Getting our Twitter account live in anticipation of our Grand Opening. Follow us to get in on our launch giveaways!
lmao......my kids said to me what did u do for fun growing up without ps3 and internet? I said we used to Play out side
Why can't more women want the same?
We just followed your #Pinterest boards!
What's the 85 percentile rule?
Our lunch special runs till 4 so u've got 1hr to come in & get your $5 Pastrami Sandwich!
That last retweet was directed to the lovely who knows all about Tagg for dogs..and Happy Mother's Day!!
How much make up do you think Mary j blidge got on ?
love the new profile pic boy!
yes, it needs a few tweaks but is in testing
yeah, like 1 CD
I smell fried chicken in da air, luv being from da westside of da Chi..chicken smelling FYE
You are the Prototype.....*Andre3000Voice*
Over 600 museums just in Minnesota. Anyone know how many is USA?
<U+2018>The Singularity is Near<U+2019> (Kurzweil) film debuts at Sonoma Film Festival April 15-18, 2010 with a special screening on April 16 2010
yea we just need to get playing & as we go along we'll get to know them some people didn't like JC and nibbles in the beginning
oh. thank you! I didn't know that!! I've just been waiting! now It's downloading. :) YAY
your welcome
When I run errands before work I always forget I have to go to work at some point. My bad
Just got to use the site PaulaDeenRidingThings.com for an academic presentation at work. Yes, today was a good day.
Thanks for following me, Ken. Look forward to seeing your Tweets.
Ayola is legit!
my phone shut off
FREE $10 Rockies-125 off to an early lead!
Wants a little scooter, but only if I can ride it in Tokyo.
I'm rolling up the Window , while im smokin Weed.
Summer fav turns into boozy pops as they team up w for special Pinot Noir & Sauv Blanc infused frozen treats
good job!
The most gorgeous day of spring thus far...the sunshine and breeze combo is wonderful. Love being outside on days like this!!
I'm listening to Wnur, 89.3 and they are playing some really good underground music.
A week from today and I depart for Kalmazoo and the medievalist High Holy Days.
just throwin it out there
(500) Days Of Dora The Explorer
If I had some free time... I would charge other people for it and make some extra money...
nah guru.!
One doesn't think of Garcia Marquez as a true crime writer, but his "News of a Kidnapping" is one of the best of its kind ever.
that's not funny. I'm going to have to recall the box of bbq I sent to you.
3/4 a singer I mean u was the one tht said #NeverSayNever and I live by that and if u could follow me I would be so happy but
Happy Bday D. I wish I was there to celebrate it with you. Anyway have a great day~BAMM.
I want to punch Buzz Williams in the face every time I see his ugly mug on ESPN!
it's about damn time! I'm having withdraws!
Some of the shit said on twitter is out of this world.i'm a start another twitter called #rachetness.Feel free to join If u r ate up or
haha sometimes. It's actually kind of interesting
word of advice. don't be flirting and trying to get with someone the same day you go into a relationship with someone else.
How about a piece of chocolate in the middle of the day?
just woke up !
ha! and it's the word reporters love :)
food court by goose island just sitting chillin.
Just a few more minutes! It's still uploading!
should make for a nice walk home
RT <U+201C>Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true<U+201D> <U+2015> Brian Tracy
yes they are owned by Roundy's! You can't escape #wisconsin cheddar blocks Mo
<U+201C>: lmao dang!!<U+201D> lol yooo I might be out that way sooner then I thought yo
"the #1 thing you have to have to be an entrepreneur...hustle." "How are you out-hustling the competition?" Ryan Holmes, Hootsuite CEO
Yup. You got me. That's EXACTLY what I'm saying.
Me 2! Where u playing ?
I don't think so. Seems like the kids knew what was going on and it was a cool project.
I bet the Miss Pawnee #episode of is AMAZING. #Excited!
Check out the article on Americans, social media and food from and in !
Sounds like a great time! Enjoy that chocolate!
LOL your making me tired!
when a girl still sucks her thumb.. she's too young for you bro. ;D
That makes me :) RT : SimplyLeap yep. You are hugs.
Lots of meetings scheduled ahead. Can't wait to discuss potential business opportunities with several other entrepreneurs
'Act of Valor' was worth every second in the theater!
is my 17th Bday!! And I get a birthday tweet please!?!?! I love you guys!!! <333
of course! Ask away...
Bad idea #42 of the week: eating Dorito shell Taco Bell taco. Why must I always eat something left in newsroom???
I've finally realized how lost I am without my best friend!! Miss you <U+2764>
We got there around 330!
The Rockers >>
I am one proud girlfriend!
Happy Thursday #kizombalovers!!!
Hey everyone, follow Constantino's Market-University Circle at
RT : RT : Wow what a call!
now in omaha...want to know what a librarian does here? i'll try to enter every transaction. lots of giving out of bathroom key!
I would go to the gym this weekend butt , Im going to Spokane . (:
some target mgr told me there was a limit of 4 coupons for same items. That's NOT in their online policy, is it? Making up their own rules
Take THAT North Carolina!
Yes, I devoured a dictionary for dinner today. It was splendid.
lmao come out here this weekend fam
The number one "babe" on TV! Do you really think we can get this guy off the air? Would be huge blow to the rw noise machine.
is wondering what would I tell my younger self?
Wow. Watching Rat colonoscopy at #TEDMED. Uses of drugs we already have. Epilepsy drug used for inflammatory bowel data =Revolution.
We are a nation of laws and precedence but we are also a nation of human rights and equality. Inalienable rights. Right?
I just want to clarify that I DID NOT do this psa with Bristol Palina And the "Situation." They asked us to work on it, but I declined....
totally crushing on him... :p
I see the number 123 everywhere.. ._. Which is the bus number my crush rides... ._. c:
Trey ward
Lol!! :) Your packaging is pretty! I added you to my favorites on Etsy <3
Kind of excited. First webisode comes out Friday for the Madlo Show & same day, featured article on Kid Star Interviews site.
cervixes are a social construction not a biological reality (Wikipedia, 2012)
You really think this? And the series is far from saved.
well played...
Man is the only creature that seems to have the time and energy to pump all his sewage out to sea, and then g
Cant Wait Till Boy In Detention Drop.. 8/5 Need 2 Hurry Up.. Lol
short nap but it was fun to watch. Happy new year!
Lol :p eh. My grandfather passed away from cardiac arrest Thursday morning. So my family is kinda broken.
#Marvelous Monday:
Just got a new member at Museum Day. Yea!! It's a beautiful day to be out on Fountain Square.
Thanks. Done with four. Two more to go. And then back to The Seven to party with you guys !
Maybe people now believe they SHOULD be humbled, since everyone else is claiming to be.
to the person who said it was okay to take a picture of yourself as your profile pic >>>>>>
#keepcalm Remember SF is an NFC team. I think PM wants to stay in the AFC in my opinion
I thought I tweeted for the day. Wow. long day. Time for a much need makeover!
I think it's bold, progressive, and in all honesty quite overdue. What are your thoughts?
Ha! thanks Jo! Have to stay ready for they ass! Thanks for doing the show! You rock!
ya got nice boobs
<U+201C>: HTOWN! Where yall at?<U+201D> hiding from your illiterate ass
I will NEVER forget the old Austin
RT : There is a striking set of on the stage at Antone's tonight...// makes them look even more purdie
your mad crazy yoo! ben and jerrys is the shit :D
That's what she said.
Home stretch of mixing "Christmas Time Is Here (and Chanukah and the Solstice)." Title song w/ gorgeous orchestra, "Let It Snow," much more.
It sucks how society judges people by their looks rather than their interests or personality.
Ever attend an big awards event and realize you were only one there NOT being honored?
small world! :)
RIP Friedrich Kittler
THAT'S THE TERM! LOL. You just schooled me. I think you should do like Beyonce & make a concept video for every song!
I like Bey, but I love Solange. I love how unfiltered she is. She says/does what's in her heart.
I feel like Starbucks has turned into a junk food pusher- you can't buy a coffee without being offered a sweet...I need a new coffee place
we'll make that dinner up to you ! Have fun <U+0001F601>
Excuse me. I have been informed that West Florida Seminary has been renamed The Florida Military and Collegiate Institute.
I got to see them for the first time at a wedding reception which I wasn't planning on going to.
If you have thoughts on #DonnaSummer 's passing and don't mind sharing email me at
Kacie B. has that scary good looking/not good looking thing about her. Yuck.
So did they just forget about ?? It's still in Beta and I want the rest of the books to come out!
Purchase bleach-free, toilet paper that is made from the highest post-consumer waste content you can find (80% minimum)
I'm in Washington, just outside Seattle. Do you have prospects up here?
Argh. It's a frustrating life sometimes.
Jeez, the wanted sketch they showed kinda looks like me.
Well thank you very much! RT : Humperdinks fish tacos are fucking addicting....so god lol
Give comfort to someone today. Help those who are oppressed by others.
When you're searching for a cab in la jolla at 245 am...
<U+201C>: Eminem Forever aka Cinderella man<U+201D>
nigga before that!!
Amazing catch Ellis!!
RT : I don't have to ask y'all Vols fans who you're cheering for in this game, do I?
Pretty good, glad the leg is feeling better for ya. #YOTTO RT How we livin' today #Packfam?
One day acting workshop is on Sunday November 8th in Los Angeles. Visit www.actorsintensive.com for more information. Sign up now!
Dammit just when you think it's safe to walk the halls of your apt blding in pajamas to take out the trash, some bastard comes home at 11am!
VW you win so far. Hands down awesome.
<U+201C>: talk was too dirty for twitterr.. ;)<U+201D> just a little <U+0001F60F>
Just posted a video of the Need 4 Speed Motorsports/Vossen Wheels booth at the 2011 Dub Show! Check it out on FB or Youtube!
no problem
Dear you better tell something before you are in the middle of a domestic dispute lmao
yes, but have you gona at 2:30 drunk? NOPE. we can be those girls!!
Ravens what r u doing????
Actually, that's a good reminder! :-) RT Kind of a duh thing, but always expect technical difficulties.
RT : Good news: I repaired my mower. Bad news: lost my excuse to not mow. :( > Too funny!
If you're not following #FreshCoastMke #slapyourself We're counting down til' the #FreshCoastClassic on Thanksgiving weekend!
Be bold and have courage in moving around and changing offices, but be purposeful. Don't leave just to leave
U want to do WHAT with that pickle.
Thank you, Twitter. The new design allows me to see all of the conversations that I never knew I was having in the first place.
Thought I could run to you for anything. But only thing running is thoughts threw my mind
Just finished a two day safari trip in South Africa and wow! This was an adventure I suggest each of you put on your travel wish list.
Can't show my videos from the Odd Future show last night to anyone, all you can hear is me rapping...
I am work
You're fucking beautiful and I have absolutely no chance with you <U+0001F612><U+0001F614><U+0001F61E>
"Here's my Blackberry Pin" - things you don't hear often.
Makes me loose a little respect for those people!
Hahaha! That's what I'm watching!
sounds like a plan
its just the right amount
It's a lot easier to root for the Red Sox if you don't pay attention to anything but the games. Not the owners, media, manager or players.
No matter how much I love someone, I'll never let them walk over me.
hehe me too :D
Queen Victoria is coming to the museum on Saturday to have tea with our visitors. Anyone else want to join us? 317-636-5409
Brushing up my #SFIV skills in preparation for #SFxTekken in March. Linking still good. Struggled with Guy's #23 challenge. Need practice.
Happy Sunday somaphonites. Stay warm from the weather. BUT Stay cool with your very own Somaphony shirt! www.somaphony.com
city vs u
put up the pink tinsel christmas tree today!
": A grandson!!" Congrats! That's wonderful!!!
Hats off to the - the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 9-1 :)
Out for lunch with my mommy(:
Ground and pound....ha ha
link not working
I just popped a zit on my liver.
Lord help me. I can't keep doing this. Plz order my steps
Fantastic show at IRCE with BigCommerce!
I'm not a customer, but offers a successful #mobile experience to those affected by power outages. Good job! cc
We have the talent and EXPERIENCE to make a mark in this years tourney. #Go Aztecs!
A #woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears. - Anne Roiphe
walks in the and sees a whole bunch of Social, talkative and words. well that would include me as well....
This. Made. My. Day. Easily one of the best games I've played- somewhere I still have my old cards.
This bitch in a wheelchair say she "gon' beat that ass" if he been cheatin on her. ...Really, bitch?!?
I'm listening
Where <U+201C>places it doesn<U+2019>t belong<U+201D> = <U+201C>everywhere?
u there? Or watching?
Relgious nuts need to chill...if u want federal money u have to play by federal rules. Plus it an opt-in for contraception NOT abortion!
The amount of food in the crevices of my keyboard could beat up yours
#ImMiddleSchool We did not even have email let alone twitter. Cell phones were the size of small dogs.
Sound transit is totally messed up today. Late work and standing room only.
Thank you for all of the prayers/thoughts/good vibes regarding our mom & her surgery. It went well she's now hyped up on morphine :)
Only one fall today on the bike ride, not even one minute in. Those bike clips will getcha.
<U+201C>: What was the game break of the game that the Lakers let go though?<U+201D> <<Tipoff
My scanner and I now have bond. I call her Judith. #itmightbelove :)
Don't forget Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
I feel the same about English professors...
Gotcha! Yes- very well deserved! Not that you're not doing a great job Charlie!
I thought Craigslist WAS itself a circle of Hell. BTW, wanna buy a bike?
Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted. When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable.
HAHAHAHAHAHA MY MOM ASKED ME IF was bypolar i said no thts just his FRAND personality X)
Why would the #NFL put the #Packers and #Bears on at 315? The anticipation is killing me!
so excited that Tycho () is coming to campus for #CultureShock2012!!!
I started writing this post about psychogeography about 3 months ago, wonder if I can get myself to finish it.
lol I got a message saying you following me I'm like?No shit jajajaja
RT : College Football HOF Bubba Smith died today. RIP
Europe's Debt Continues to Prolong The Great Recession.
hello Taylor :) I'm Liam.
working on some stuff.
but the bad news is I have never used a drill...wish me luck
Thanks for the heads up, dudes. Kodak Park/Kodak is crazy.
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter i will die. twitter, scratch that the internet is apart of my life. i love having fun and making new friends.
Ecstatic, eclectic #FF and happy weekend:
omg! Your seats are so close!!
:O what did I say please talk to me on there
Love it!
Im Tryn to get wit the winning team
Guys! is in Twitter Jail!
lol yes! Her name is wonder why!!! Lmao!
#The Black Swan 2
this is a perfect example of what happens to people who do too much theater.
That wasn't very nice....
hey Twitter, we're back! Next meet Jan 21, 2012.
MYSTICSOUL1 MYSTIC SOUL Jamaica Lives.... Wayne Russel and Mystic Soul for Jamaica's 50th birthday. Check it! youtu.be/sTMYdQGxM1s
J.Cole voice "FRESH ASS NIGGAAAA !"
Band Practice tonight?(: i think yes
Doesn't the DC figure suggest the limitations of per cap income as an indicator?
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what I<U+2019>d feared
Gotta go with Decastro at 24. Then I'd immediately try to get 25-28 by trading one of their 7th round picks and maybe a 4th
When you bring up subject [x] by saying, for example, "We needn't mention [x]," you're using PARALIPSIS.
great choice!
Disappointed. I have tickets for 5/12 and looked forward to it. More worried about Brooks. A childhood hero.
family trying to start over again but he feels haunted by what happened. Small town life is a mixed blessing. Great characters!
RT The difficulty of picking jury is starting to wear on everyone. First hints of anger btw lawyers.
LOVE HIM. <U+201C>: Can't sleep. Watching Star Trek Next Generation reruns. Q was the best character. Trekkies where you at?!<U+201D>
Thank you for watching my videos!! And thanks for your support...it means a lot to me!! i am from Florida :)
Trivia - "Red Dawn" was the code name of the operation that captured Saddam Hussein
post it, then get some supper..
great performance at the grandest stage of them all
What do you guys think is the biggest obstacle for girls to attend school in #India?
that's good stuff!
Attending the Digital Media Summit? Or near 60 Columbus Circle mid-day? Visit the #PreserveNYC Preservation Station!
I wanna SAVE YOU TONIGHT!
Too blessed to be stressed
cuz we dont care about what people say if we love someone 1313
get her on an ancestrydotcom commercial! Stat!
On my dick nice & fit like a Magnum wrapper (;
I'm showing at SunFest in West Palm Beach this weekend. If you live in the area stop by my booth and mention this tweet to get a free print.
I have been lying down in a comfortable position with my eyes closed for an hour now. Still, sleep eludes me. :( wtb goodnight's sleep.
Just finished a photo shoot of a house : )
Heyyoooo let's get me some more
What do alcoholics do the day before St. Patrick's Day that requires them to take the day off from work?
unfortunately I'm not going to be at the game today. Have a great time at Yankee stadium. Let's go Yankees
I haven't been to the Microsoft Store in The Domain. Is it open? Well, I haven't been to The Domain in a long time.
What did you think?
Just landed in the sunshine state!!! #southfloridabound #springbreak2012 #showmewhatyougot <U+0001F61C>
I agree with you! Many people are very rude.
Getting ready to depart the Newsplex for new adventures in Hawaii. Hope you'll still follow me on twitter. I will miss you Virginia!
Np:Justin Bieber BOYFRIEND:)
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
49% of sports event attendees used social media to discuss their experience and post videos and photos (Ticketmaster study)
yes please!
Did you say contract year? Does miracles RT : Swisher's body language right now is great at the plate.
4 out of maybe 150 bookings we've had were through Sonicbids.
Don't you just hate the auto corrects on ipods/iphones etc? Then theres loads of photos about it using dirty words caused by it
im so jealous
Thanks for the great pictures!! I miss Istanbul and you guys so much!!
Ellen: what is the one thing in life you are most passionate about?
I've been a little bit drunk all day...Where are you!?
as am i
My students make me proud and a better teacher!! <U+201C>: You're the best! <U+4F60><U+5BF9><U+6211><U+6FC0><U+52B1><U+3002><U+591A><U+8C22><U+3002>=)<U+201D>
"Make healthy things fun and fun things healthy."
ok then, i think you're starting to open your eyes
S/o my big bro see yu in Miami soon!!
Gm tired but off to work <U+0001F618>
lol I love this movie
I wish it wasn't so hard for me to fall asleep /stay asleep anymore. Anyone have a good remedy?
Pollan's food rules: Avoid products containing ingredients a third-grader can't pronounce, or cereals that change the color of the milk.
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. Happy Friday Eve and Happy Draft Day!
Approach influence as if it were a problem to solve.
Haha, I'm glad you liked the skunk piece. I've been trying to enact it myself, but it's challenging when playing classical :p
I love Spongebob-Squarepants!! My all time favorite show!
woot bouncing again for the third night in a row
The good news? At least I don't have to live anywhere near Buffalo. Just like their fans.
I am gonna go to the Cowboys stadium tomorrow and were gunna take a tour there and we are gonna be able to play on it
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 4
listening to Beiber on the way to a sex shoppe? Goodbye sexy mood...
Aye thats fine with me!
Just got bitch out by a trashy street ho. #H8rzGo'nBeH8'n
Looks like the #Indy #Valpak office is eating Arni's Restaurant's Pizza today!
I know right! It's like...is that the only reason ppl like vintage anymore??
Seve cried for 2 hours once after losing a 9-hole playoff. His competitor, who won, stated..."I cried for 2 hours before I played Seve.".
oh hii! thanks for the follow.
Gibbs and I are going, actually!
#WomenWhotThinkLikeAMan know how not to get walked on & can see behind the manipulation. Beat them at their own game.
2011 is gonna be phenomenal...I've decided
Thunder are hitting everything!!! Dang
Page 38 of 366 I just wrote the longest essay in history
Thank you !!!
did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?! Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!
love that quote, go Herbie!
"Hall Pass" In my pants
i get rich selling the same thing twice haha
#BrewCityStompDown2012 tickets will be sold in the atrium of the UWM union 6-7pm today. $25.08 cash only
New icon cause went all caps on my instagram.. :)
Baltimore City MVA's hours stink. New title? Must go on a weekday.
you can't judge a band by only listening to one song..
GOOD Morning!!! Its Friday!!!!
S/o to the Fam for last nights shoot!!
Abundance can be a good thing, but it's relative. Today we have as many opportunities to be happy as we ever will.
Thanks to all my new #followers! Hoping to tweet things of interest for #genealogy community. Care & handling of materials questions? Ask!
I know. So young. I think people will be surprised as they hear all the things he did during his short lifetime.
So did I!! But tonight on #girls they definitely referenced it. We missed that plot point big time.
Thank you for your support Sylvia Gomez. I appreciate it.
Finally after much boycott I caved and joined Twitter... mainly just to follow certain peeps in the industry
Happy Monday! Don't let the bad weather scare you away, we have wonderful lunch specials including an Oyster Po' Boy Sandwich for $12.95!
Happy New Year !!
extremely confused and upset. no love has been given to me in a long time. feeling very used and unappreciated. love to you all, though.
When a brain is washed its simply cleaned. What happens after that is the twist.
should of been did that
#freemedicine now available through our free medication program. prescription required.
I watched that soo many times. I had it on repeat.
Bri is a character
#Alcatraz I am in love with this show.
Good Morning #COSprings.... Its a bit wet and chilly this morning. It will be good for the grass and the #deckgarden. Have a great day.
Business notes | PF Chang sold for $1 billion - Kansas City Star
My old girls fucked my trust up
Just found out Home Depot allows you to pay with PayPal. First retailer to offer the service. Very cool.
I have to say ... It was so great to see 3 of my guests entered in the Mitch Man/Mam contest. You are all winners to me!!! :)
If you love your #Mac (and your data), then wish yourself a Happy #Valentines Day by buying a #backup drive today. We have all sizes/types!
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Snell for winning Big Shots Takeover tournament last weekend.
You got it !
well, you planted the idea ;)
I hate when i eat reeses puffs.. & nothing cool happens .
it's on that Epix channel..which barely anyone carries
I absolutely love egla Lorenzo Trey Sam Em and Dr Huey for all they've done #Phantom farewells
i kicked ass again unstoppable im a beast(:
Pretty sure that last night's dream was Zombie related, but I never actually watch Zombie TV. How did that happen?
"Do you know how it feels to let go of someone you loved for a really long time, just for them to be happy?"
And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
bassicly the bucket thats is the logo for there sign
President Obama to introduce restored &#39;To Kill A Mockingbird&#39; film on USA
our path is very similar.
Sometime I feel like I am so average in my achievements. So many others can see things in me that I cannot see myself. Just 1 of those day
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are.
Web414 is looking for additional ideas and resources on Responsive Web Design for Feb meetup. Please, reply with suggestions.
My mom was saying I should cut my hair when we were at lunch, but then the waitress interrupted us to say I look like Johnny Depp.
looks like the #EURUSD is bouncing off the 200 mva and head towards 1.36
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: HP TouchPad Custom Fit Case
<U+201C>: One last statistic to cap off an unbelievable year: 41% of the #iubb roster earned a degree today.<U+201D>
many thx to crew for your support of & young literati's book drop bash! sorry i was too shy to say hi.
If your business takes phone calls, and you advertise online, you need KeyMetric: www.keymetric.net
can't DM if you don't follow but the answer to the question is onevsmany -at- gmail -dot- com
Thanks! MT A literary journal of poetry, fiction, commentary, at U of C--been looking at your site, and it's pretty nice!
Who all used to wake up early Saturday mornings to watch Kids WB 33??? :)
Grace thank god you are one of 2 friends I can count on Ivan is the other
Hahaha, we're gonna get so fat (;
faded . faded . faded .
I like your hair! Who does your hair? I wanna go there...... PHSYEAH! -Alexis-
haha don't worry it was already scheduled in my planner!
In discussion, Piez talks more about the aesthetics of design (e.g. why LMNL annotations can be recursive documents)
f that. Phoenix vs NY final.
My Name Is..
Thanks! It was last winter but I still can' t forget it. They had me pinned up against a snow bank on a dark road.
Thank you Sean for all you are and all you do! Right Back Atcha! BIG Hug! Jeris
#FF & you will be glad you did..
It's hard to get people to celebrate Bach's birthday on March 31st, however; also, it's fun to join the bigger party. :-)
I lost so many followers :(
Happy Thanksgiving from Clarity Legal
At Las Olas. Our SoCal Sunday afternoon hang out. The best!
Cheese making class. Fri Apr 27. Feta, mozzarella, ricotta, and fondue.
British children are losing contact with nature at a "dramatic" rate and their health and education are sufferin..
I guess so.
; i laughed and realized it was an insult. -__-
It smells like old poop in the bath room. Is that even possible?!
Missing him so MUCH!!!! UGH!
Too much, they say, will the overbearing Apollo be, and he will greatly hold sway over immortals and mortal men upon the grain-giving fields
What a glorious day here in Boston, Massachusetts! Enjoy it because in like 2 days you'll be freezing your titties off!
School was lame.
<U+201C>: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "For Colored Titties"<U+201D> lmao I like that one
no..? Like 20 minutes
Mrs. Janice's 73 birthday was Friday! She's been there for me ever since I was born! #LikeAGrandmaToMe <3
boo! That should be illegal!
Thanks Eileen! You too!
I love hanging with the ISS librarians! Always good to connect with new people and visit with the friends from all over the country.
The easiest conference check in ever. Thank you!
No fucking way! I would have flipped!
ok so I was wrong
I'm sure Orton is a real nice guy but he needs to play in another city.
im #BoSS at tutoring
: No worries! It was a great walk and i know you sent your love :) Have fun on your vacay!!
wow i hav the exact same blue nail polish cute ")
We got a name change! Bye-bye, str8erline. You can now call us StraighterLine on Twitter!
The public schools I went to did Not teach us to think,Why would teach a bunch of donkeys to think? We weren't worth it.Donkeys just work.
Congrats! Where did you get a job?
**Style 101** Due to the #throwback fashion don'ts we have encountered over the weekend, we're asking..what brands did you rock growing up?
Why is it called the 9:30 club? What club was next to Iota before the two merged into the current Iota space?
<U+201C>: Enjoyin this nice night listenin to some <U+201D> that's what I like to hear buddy!!
What a night of making Merry it was! I've never seen La Fiesta Lounge packed like it was Christmas Eve!
how u been?
looks like Pachysandra.
Just done a #BIM presentation to #Bouygues in London - seemed to go down well
1hr 25mins! If I'm not on later that means I probably passed out on the floor.
#LRT Yes, that commercial have me laughinn soo hard
is in the library
there wasn't an end time on their website!
you know I'm yo future ugly quit playin lol
I have 16 days and 12 hours until I leave for some sand, sun, and 7 full days of margaritas morning, noon and night
#imappropriatefuneralsongs Ding Dong the wicked whitch is dead.........
This is easily the best bag of grippos i've ever had. My mouth is on fire
Brand is bigger than the sum of the parts
my fav. weather I need 2 be were u at but um check out my boy Gutta J Nino Brown on youtube
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a new mattress or any sort of furniture please let us know!
I did see that. I'm sorry. :/
Volkswagen Eos: 2001 Volkswagen Golf Reviews
job change fear #2: I won't find something I am good at - what if I hate the new job?
i'm done playing the games you have me playing.. i see the game and i will beat it... im ahead of you. i will over come
!!! RT : If its one thing that I can't stand is a fuckin two faced person!
how serious do you think Iran is taking us...or do you think Isreal has everybody second guessing
Stressed but blessed
anotha restless/ sleepless night.
BART, BART, BART! Why did you go and do something like that, BART? Huh, BART, huh, huh, why?
thank you for the mention! Have a great day :)
3 Rat City Roller Girls detoxed with us last year. Come on back ladies - 'tis the season! Call in for a special rate for repeat detoxers!
Watching huBz play black ops is getting boring Z
Pat Robertson just walked by. He is older than thought, stooped. Got a cheer from one and waved in reply.
Ill be in Boston for marathon monday but until then no immediate plans to be up in the NE...hopefully that'll change though
Re-doing my Twitter, lol unfollowing everyone that shouldn't be there. Starting to like this more then facebook
<3 to ALL too!
Thinking maybe I should try one of these "shamrock shakes" ..?
NOW NOW PLEASE DONT THINK THAT IM READY FOR HIM NOW NOT LATER I DONT LIKE BEING BIG FEET AND HANDS SWOLLEN SO MUCH
Believes those who meet psychological needs through inflicting suffering others are participating in evil; they are weak souls.
I can't wait, season 1 was great start to a very anticipated series
It's one of those days where every song sounds extra good!!! <U+0001F3B6><U+0001F3B6><U+0001F3B6>
Nick Symmonds from Eugene, may have had too much Peking duck and is currently leading with OSU Beaver colored Nike's.
Touchdown in Burbank. Airport just paged Cesar Romero. I thought he died.
What flavor of beef jerky do chicks like for a birthday gift
I really want a cat named "Dog" and a dog named "Cat". They would be the best of friends.
&quot;UFC on Fox 3 - Nate Diaz Vs Jim Miller&quot; Main Card Picks and Predictions: Fan&#39;s View
I'm a sucka 4 love!!!
Ha Ha I love it!
Oh tonight.
High school of the dead anime show is mad awesome
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Clouds of misdirection are here
. Michigan-based too, Colby. But I know you already knew this. . .
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST was a great success!
It's the thought of warm breast milk hitting the back of my throat that's the turn off. I'm more of an orange juice guy.
Lotsa of motion today in prepping for addtl shoot being scheduled next week for enhancing footage; increasing sale possibilities
Why 2 hours to calculate? What kind of CPU do you have? And are you using Excel 2007?
#demf Every time I see a black shirt with lots of bright white lately, I think it's an Op Ivy shirt.
lol it's only because I've heard stuff about that
Hey there acting CEO! :) Yep, planning to, altho not sure I have a warranty anymore. According to Apple site it's a software issue? Odd
The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret is an icky show. Kinda funny, mostly uncomfortable to watch.
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -- C. S. Lewis
+ - when are you gonna make beautiful babies together?
I don't understand 99% of the shit tweets about...
Live every minute. Love hard. Fight for what you care about. Think of her & remember that.
brotha the movie comes out today!
I don't think it's possible to hate another human being as much as I hate my linear algebra professor.
Don't worry about who likes you, just like yourself.
Fun!! RT : Me too! But I think my daughter has me beat. she hasn't stopped talking about this week..she's 6 lol
RT "This Andrew Bird song needs more whistling!!" ~ Andrew Bird
It's reaaaaddding time <U+0001F4A1><U+0001F601>
I miss riding round with My nanna and sister sitting in the back seat on a hot day listening to the beach boys #childhood memories
Dancing pregnant woman? ...I bet the baby is like wtf??
Arts and crafts for my sisters wedding, biggest loser, and some
Simply starting your project forces decisions & narrows focus, which frees you to do your best and most creative work. Just start. 3 of 3
I have a code for a free full version of EA's Tetris for iPhone that is up for grabs VIA the app store. U.S. only.
j/k... get better!
We are always ready to pizza party. RT : Who's ready to pizza party?
They are highly under appreciated. They're one of our major food groups!
A win would be significant. Remember, we didn't win here last year. Manny Harris just had a good game.
I just hit a fucking bird with my car! I'm a murderer!!!
It's my birthday today :)
Notice that those in the Bible are recognize 4 what they did not what they had!
Again we want to thanks for a friend... just for stopping by.., tell ur friends about us.. is easy to remember T7 TEA..
omg if i had a role in anything with i'd totally die (:
My publisher accepted a short ebook proposal and turned it into a simultaneous hardcover/softcover release. Wow!
Your blank tweet is awefully wordy.
How big is your bed? :o
AP Testing tomorrow.. ahh.
Computer programming professor has worn different Hawaiian shirt to every lecture thus far
RT : Artists and geeks mixing it up today at www.createbaltimore.org
as did I. And, I also sighed a bit. And then thought about Upton Sinclair, and then forgot everything, promptly.
just talking about he wants to see what they're about. Do they truly believe what they or just spitting for the cameras?
Or the actually sad inverse...fans of the band turning against them (heh) because of Gobel's announcement.
I did, so follow?
Glad you got to be there for the opening!
OMG I will never forget that episode because of the scene with Emily & Maya in the movie theatre! lol
lol would if they change the logo to the MB glove!? Pretty intense
Thanks for that RT - been wanting to use that line for a while! :)
Our next info meeting is Tuesday, May 31 at the Federation building at 7:00 pm. Applications are online www.caje-miami.org/mol
Celtics win series over Hawks Go Boston Go!
The saltiest soup of them all is ramen.
Congratulations on ruining your show. Karen is not Marilyn. You just lost a viewer.
A definitive purpose or "dominant aspiration" will always win out over a goal. Goals are over used and under done words.
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for a people to tell their government to go fuck itself....
Not sure why, but I'm suddenly missing several months worth of emails from my gmail account. :( I really needed some those, too.
For real !
My teacher seriously offended me.. Making fun of pacifists...
RT : Mike Korton of the FBI says agents "respect" Mark Felt, theWatergate "deep throat" leaker at
Moe just took a nigga to da chicken joint I snacthed up a 6 piece
ICONic Boyz (: && Yeahh ! I Sent Them Fan Mail && They Sent Me Back <3
Become a Groupatic and follow ! #Groupatic to get ur tweets blasted out on our new site! #Teamfollowback.. God night!
Sammy please stop giving D x-pills
My mother is mean.
Keep up the good work!
5 more weeks of school
i feel like im gonna throw up omg...and i have the hiccups...oh no.
as a CLT native you should not look away from this train wreck!
A "Gregg-versation" closely resembles an actual conversation except with me doing most of the yakking.
Ghost adventures & jimmy johns #yesplease ; Now if only a boy would text me.. I'd be a somewhat happy camper
you are not an english teacher so not you didn't play my life
This anatomy project <<<<having a good time
true! Thats the same thing I said about having it on a weekday cause if it wasn't on a week day, then there would be riots lol
The streetlights are actually maple-bacon flavored Scentsy candles.
Launch party 4 the pulse happening May 31st featuring aerial show by Lucent Dossier. Hit me up 4 details on how 2 get on list
We are going to kill it on "The Zone" & "Thursday". Kill it. I'm getting scared.
Dear Dr., My mom has MIGRAINES not heart problems. Please give her the right medication. Thanks. Sincerely, Not a happy daughter. x
Just saw ya and on TV!
(A knitter, eh? I once wrote a lengthy paper on local knitting traditions as an expression of familial and regional bonds:-))
yes and absolutely hilarious!
Not going to cry..nope.
Dora: Say map. Me: (eating cereal) Map. Boots: Louder! Me: (knocks cereal off table) F*CKING MAP! -We all do this at one of our lives
RT : RT : Support the local Milwaukee food scene! Participate in 's #MKEfoodiehunt - all week long:...
thank you! :)
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself. Dont explain yourself to me. live your life.
Haha, yeah, the one wanted to cuddle.
"That song is so old!'' Sorry, I didn't know there was an expiration date on music.
Thank you for a solid Accounting & Budgeting session tonight. Loving the Emerging Leaders series.
Pretty much the most perfect day. I really needed one of those...
long-distance hugs.
That IS funny. I guess it was my testing of the waters. I've decided to post heavily. It's just an impulsive decision though.
Bruce is now up on the grand piano, leading the chant: I can't hear you! he lies.
can we though? Let's go to a show or play Mario Kart or something!
New show in CA coming up soon - Stay tuned for info!
It was years of mediocrity that forced Carl Peterson out of the #Chiefs organization
I'm pretty excited!
okie dokie! (: thank you so much again!
Friday is our last day at 101 Yesler Way. 12 years, 3000 days, countless memories. C+F moving to 1425 4th Ave. Great new digs!
Don't be mad at me. I didn't do it
That moment you forget what u were about to tweet
thanks. He is all pumped. he is having his party this weekend. He sent out 60 invites!
All this time i thought K'naan had a sore back... Now Playing <U+266A> Soobax by K'naan
Ima go crazy this summer lmao
Rules: & I will moderate, jump in when you're ready, refer to the question in your answer (is Q1, A1), tag with
<U+201C>: Haven't eaten a thing all day #Starving<U+201D> go eat lol and bring me some food :)
Concerts and art and horses...oh my! Lots of fun going down this weekend; I've got the skinny in 15 minutes!!!
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 7-8pm on the North steps of the #UVA Rotunda. Pls wear purple
Tnks for the beautiful tweet! I RTed it to all my followers! I have a prayer-app - perhaps you'd like to see? www.birdofprayer.org
Listening to the new album and am disappointed to detect Auto-Tune. Ladies -- what happened? I know you're better than that.
hahah. it's almost summer so i'm sure you'll be saying the opposite soon enough :p
Re: last RT. Love seeing creative designer mind turn twitter into visual communication.
another great show sweety !!
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! But I feel like its IMPOSSIBLE!!
Olympic athletes. So come on Toronto---and Canada---let's give them some attention and encouragement. Pro-teams can wait a couple of weeks!
I just came up with a great 15 second teaser for The Red Rider! Will Chet let me put it up?! - Josh
Where is that? On a special diet but i could have an iced tea.
Truth in comedy, yo. #wishiwasthere! RT : "Don't try to be funny. Try to be real." - master class at
Start the long weekend the right way. 10 mile run followed by a cool swim. Oh yeah.
last week at this time i was sitting in the ER getting blood...tonight i'm sitting through ubaldo jimenez...last week was better...
F5 BIG-IP Application Security Manager Awarded Five-Star Rating from SC Magazine
okay but I feel really bad
My initials are TCB . In case you didnt know , that stands for taking care of business (;
Working with Mr. Blood, building sound cues for "Sweetest Swing in Baseball." Big recording session this weekend for music Qs.
Want to work at Pinkberry? Pinkberry #NOLA is holding auditions tonight at 7 at 4034 Tchoupitoulas. Hope to see you there!
And I have like the cutest bathingsuit ever !
best updates by far...
my hair needs to grow longer!
Your professional network was outdated as of this morning. What have you done today to keep your network growing and vibrant?
are you still looking for new artist? i send them tracks to you soundcloud can i have your email address
I remember :)
all I can say is DAMN it was right to him... Let's go TEBOW
going out with my dad & sister ^_<
i want to get a tattoo bhut im scared cuz it might hurt.....-___-
That sounds incredible! Enjoy your #seder!
We are excited to announce the Technology Fundraising Program sponsored by Lost My Debt.net, LLC. Visit rightdirectioninc.org for details
just wait imma text you like crazy.
Rough sex>>>
when are your new posters coming put???
Only if he is dressed in a suit. Or as a Star Wars character. Any one will do.
Just got some tour info...once things are official...we will let you know!!!
big up LESPECIAL show ''Poetry is Music'' and Sullivan Hall great performance
Working on more acoustic videos. Any recommendations on what we should play?
Gettin my hair did!
Happy Russell Stover Day! Brought to you by Hallmark, Zales and Proflowers.com!
when they push you down you gotta get back up
IM IN!
Hey Don, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Sharon Needled IS the future of drag. The only contestant that has charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent!
your twitter background is adorable!
ok. See you inside! Haha
sounds good ;)
: i just made a gifboom just to follow you! #YEE<3
Last week until finals week. Time to get work done!
": nigga wtf you mean lets "lets kick it"...YOU HAVE "NO" LEGS -__--"...#dead im dying laughn
fa sho man.
R<U+00FC>mi lounge tonight no cover 21+ welcome $4 drinks and shots all night $5 cucumber martini's all night hope too see Yall there!!
I hate the plastic thing over my iPhone because it's falling off and I paid a good 3$ for that.
We're with Lee RT : Phil in PA predicts more winter, Lee in GA predicts early spring. Weather prediction is hard work.
Cheers! RT Finish line, baby.
We're hosting a free networking event tonight at the Wellesbourne in Santa Monica at 8pm. Who's coming?!
That's awesome. See if the production needs a marketing company. Check us out at our website www.creativevisions.us
Like mother. Like daughter. Except, quite the head start. Rofl.
is this more or less than usual?
I miss my phone... Ive lost communication =/
<U+2665> RT Thanks for helping me spread Grace!
sorry to hear that. Hope the rest of your time there is/was shit free.
Good morning everybody
Very informative presentation by with about how to deal with negative WOM criticism towards your brand.
andrew luck the indianapolis colts quarterback!
": ...is it strange that I like to work on the floor more than in a chair ?"
Typos...ugh. Those fabulous fish tacos & guacamole are at
the Kristy Lee Cook prophecy applies to Phillip too. He's from Kristy Leesburg Cook and went to Kristy Lee Cook high school
Rescue Ringling's Abused Elephants!
that awkward moment when the drinks arent on the menu and you have no idea what is included in coke products.
running first-ever personalized medicine trial for pancreatic cancer
I love it! That was great
FYI, sixth granny of career for #Rockies Helton. Second pinch-hit homer of career.
You are a gentlewoman of tweeting :)
If I Had A Gun I'd be working for "M.I.B."
Congratulations to Douglas Whitlow who was the lucky winner of our $1000 Lennar sweepstakes!
I actually really want to talk relationship stuff with you :)
I literally just fell out of bed. And scraped my knee. And possibly bruised my thigh. What a way to wake up! #sierrajoyness :)
I'm playing he for Free n on what when
y'all getting started on those records? I need them ASAP
LAST DAY IN THE STUDIO!!! :)
It's National Put Your Wine In Storage Day
awwws. Such a nice thing to do! Ize approve!
Shit Is Whoa Right Now The Banger We Got Brewing Up HaHaa Just Wait To Ya Hear This One<U+2026>
already will there be a season 2
GBU2 - Be that Light! - Suppor'n U 2day Let it fly!!!!
Thanks to Denise and Bruce for a lovely dinner and a wonderful visit at the Inn. Come back to see us soon!
hey sweets I know ur goin thru a tough patch,keep ur head up & have faith! Xoxo
With no longer available, it's time to cancel
"the facebook server found your request confusing and wasnt sure how to proceed" how about I kick your ass and then you can figure it out??
This is "fantastic" RT Yes, it's true: I went to Lady Gaga last night. She put on a fantastic show. I did not, however....
San Diego, I'll be in Indiana for only 1 day from 24May to 26July so if we play, it has to be in the next week!
i know, such a bummer. i've been late everyday since i've had to ride my new razor scooter to work.
Regina asks: What does Prosser mean when he says"unrecognized opportunity to deliver a victory"??
I have been able to follow my death step by step and now my life goes gently to its end. - Pope John XXIII
why did they suspend you?
did u let the kiddies play n the snow
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says he is strongly leaning toward calling the mayoral race for Jefferson Smith.
trust me, so I can trust you. Hold my hand so I could hold your hand and do not forget to hug me so I can't let you go
I want that moment back, I wanna take it all back & restart.... I just want a miracle....
8 Mile and then Get Rich or Die Tryin >>>>>>
- shidd when I get at ride to the Southside im on the eastside right now
Join Alan and Lita Blake and the one and only FANTASIA at the 28th annual UNCF Mayor's Masked Ball Dec. 18th, 2010.
Have fun in Disney country.
great meeting with the great Ed McMasters today Looking forward to spreading word re:channel 411 together!
illegal immigrants who qualify for the DREAM Act would still have to wait 2 years before being eligible for residency
IF we get a REAL Repub in the WH & get Cong & the Senate then there is hope for freedom to continue. Romney = RINO.
Are you coming tonight?
I don't trust easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don't make me regret it.
I'm always "supposed to be sleeping"
waiting for she's taking her sweet time ... It's ok I wa late too #redbullvodka :)
Ouuu!That's ma Bero'o! How are you brotha?
We love our #retailers. Want to carry all or some #EnduraPet products? We would be delighted:
watch that young O.G. Mudbone
i dnt know u
hm. if you turn straight will you marry me? haha
Fabulous food and drinks with and Miami ! Lovely beginning for the weekend!
and didn't tell you which song. Generals! Definitely.
So sad you didn't play always and forever!!!!!!!!
I'm willing to bet John signed/agreed to it, he's sometimes TO NICE.
Thanking for bringing new energy to Ebony magazine.
New York Post reporting that Knicks head coach Mike D'Antoni resigned. is it April 1? No, then it might be true.
Communication in Workplace, Leading a Team, Problem Solving via Productive Thinking: ML courses OSU AD should have taken. Bowl ban=sadness.
Thanks for the mention!
Love when the rising sun turns all the clouds in the sky pink.
Drunk on you <3
Thanks for following --------> I will still be following everyone who follows her.
thanks for the follow
Thank you very much!
Via and , the Rustie Essential Mix is indeed bonkers.
Got them! (Either their free, or are free today while I'm at Uppsala U).
Not one morsel has crossed my lips, I think it's time to eat. Damn. See what creativity does?
ready to hear it.
So close. Then they became Tom Hayden, Robert Scheer,and Chris Hedges instead. Or worse. Quan. :P
Get your shit straight... and you're set.
SOME GIRL IS SINGING BOYFRIEND .
Happy birthday to you!
A real friend in time of need. >
I forgot what it was like to go out. Kind of want to do it again. Oh boy.
"Someone" is looking through their 4th HOT ROD magazine of the day. No telling who that could be....
this sounds AWESOME! Sharing this and will encourage my ladybugs to give it a try too!
Yes it was.
Thanks! We love to hear from our neighbors. Feel free to send us feedback at any time.
dude everyone tells me I look like her.
I know when I am no longer welcomed...thank God for this upcoming new year and new beginnings:) Can't wait
I need batteries and file folders, please excuse me while I go geek out at Staples....
ahaha i do what i want. heres ya lunch
Expect the worst but hope for the best
Have a really good feeling bout this show at hi-dive tonight! New album is up for 5 bones. Treat yrself
Our soap is handmade and has no preservatives, animal products, or petroleum products.
Better B...
And were you not the first, m'Lord?
kindle version is more $ than paperback #throughthelookingglass <U+201C>: Thinking it's time to re-read Made to Stick ://t.co/SjSwn6kY<U+201D>
ABSOLUTELY! Great JOB #GRIZZNATION #BelieveMemphis I BELIEVE!!!
UFC without just isn't the same. Anik does great. But shit
Khalessi is the hottest
When you take a stand, you find your place in the universe, and you have the capacity to move the world.
Shut up! Lol RT All I want for Christmas is and his guitar under my tree. Too much to ask for? I think not.
RT : that looks at least 67% appealing :) // Lol! The drink and what else, Lorne?
When I get sleepy and it is still light outside.<<<<
Are you using Google+ yet? It is amazing!
Another essay, another student not doing anything I said to do, filled with willful ignorance about looking it up even one time.
do you follow ? their all over it...
The FSTA 2011 #FantasyBaseball Accuracy Challenge & finished 4th ahead of ESPN & other bigger sites. 3-Years in a row as TOP 10! BOOM
: How to get a job working for The Man
Wht do I have to do to get an retweet? Not be 25? :*(
Cold?? Get a colorblind hoodie:) $30
I'm a sucker for Country. RT Sitting in the board room, listening to whistle Taylor Swift.
RT : RT "Great minds have purposes, others have wishes." - Washington Irving
I have been craving chicken.
I hate going to FOX for screenings (or anything). I feel so dirty just being in that building.
There are 6 words no American wants to be surprised with. They are, "I'm Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC.
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Guerilla Marketing <U+2605>
Today = burrito, write, laundry, write, gym, beer.
On the way
I just want to get pictures out of it without having to e-mail them.
Ingram or Bradshaw?
Today's epic throwdown: Pumpkin spice latte vs. gingerbread latte. Starbucks drinkers, discuss.
Sweet tea and lemonade - Arnold Palmer - yummy.
A funeral would go by.. <U+0001F614>
Poverty is a bitch man
Since the recession its been hard for strippers..
mixtape coming soon "Da Kid Dank" "LET'S FLOCK THE INDUSTRY"
follow me for tweets from our Lord!
Heading to Public Works!! Everyone should come check it out it'll be a good time
OMG eve is hilarious
cool. I'm on stage jammin' to Fitz and the Tantrums! Awesome!!
match one
Roses are red violets are blue its timf for u to follow me:-)
it wasn't below market when he signed it. He needs to understand that he's not getting $24mm/year when Brady/Manning get $20
": Tim asking if you can pencil the Brewers into the playoffs?" Yes, they are still my preseason pick for division
bracing myself for a day of internet asceticism
It's all moody portraits of douches and the suits they wear. But super-well art-directed! And there's lots of booze.
R.Emerson, It is one of the most beautiful compensations of this life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
Ready, get set, go!
Hilary Rosen goes from "Meet the Press" to "Meet the Pests"!
finally watching East-West game. I can see Matt Conrath as a late round #Packers selection.
I don't understand tweets but still I follow.
Sittin in the house bored on a friday night
little boy: "my computer froze." me: "you broke it?" little boy: "no, it's just froze." me: "you broke it."
You think the neighbors would notice if I threw the entire sink full of dishes out the window?
I didn't even see this tweet last night! I won't be there :\
sort you out? That sounds a bit odd...like I'd be filing through your underpants or something. Ha ha.
it was good! challenging but good =)
Our vending machine at work has stickers next to the healthy choices. There was not a sticker next to peanut M&M's. Whomp whomp.
is Midwestsyle is a clothes store?
nope - to DCA. Safe flight! Gr8 seeing u!
Yes, I picked #Missouri. But considering I don't have them going far, it's a loss that I'm totally okay with. This hurts most more than me.
do we get something special for wearing your clothes ;)
idk but will let you know
that would be called "artist separation" in selector. Unbreakable rule..
Wow, what an asshole... totally DONE!
I'm jealous.
We have Earthquakes in NYC? What?
And a free tv, 6% concessions..RT : Just rec'd email from a home builder offering 100% financing. really?Back there already?!?
True that
ATTENTION ... Follow My Ass on Instagram same name!
First practice in awhile tomorrow!
How about a consumer of PBR? I'm your man! <U+201C>: Looking for a great Consumer PR Account Executive in Seattle, know anyone? Pls RT!
thank you very much
totally called my mom this a.m. to bitch about something and forgot to say happy mother's day....
Try smiling even more today. It will brighten the day for others and for you! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
New dream job title: Information Magician. Infogician?
Thanks glad you liked the video!
great...this afternoon lol
Rondo pretty much hates the press and answering questions.
Last week's promised DM w/ a special deal & so on was stymied by technology.So it will be done manually 2day.If u don't want it pls unfollow
I just taught 10 private lessons in the past 2 days. I absolutely love my vocal students who keep me inspired... and busy!
aw thank u love! I rly appreciate anything u can do 2 help but I know times r tough so don't worry! Miss u & hope all is well w u
Rain finally stopped. . .steak and lobster ready for grilling. . .yum!
I AM SO POPULAR ON THE INTERNET <3
Waiting for a train at BWI. The Acela just whipped by; it was so fast I shouted. I've never felt more like a bumpkin.
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." Really appreciating these words by Goethe.
At the trade deadline I mentioned that bullpen work is what the #redsox needed. Really biting them now.. Bedard was NOT the answer
Time to make some art about it...
'Lost in Translation' had a few moments...of that.
we are currently seeking out partners to help sponsor our 2011 Induction Ceremony on October 15! Interested? Let us know!
Interested in short films? Then you'll love #KC Moving Images Wednesday night from 7-8:30pm at Studio B
next time be more aggressive passive.
I need about 20 more shots...just get me to Nina E and Eagle Snake, please
In this summer heat I'll make it hot and sweaty for you ;)
Home alone watching Freddy vs. Jason on a Friday night? Yep! The fabulous exciting life of a body piercer.
Not all float tanks are created equal. We take pride in our tanks and are closed once a week (Mondays) for thorough maintenance.
I leave monday or tuesday
I remember reading the liner notes on a Boston Album thinking, man they went through that many lightbulbs making this record? Yes they did
Lol I jus ain't EVER cookin for u again <U+0001F621> but ok
Please explain why women are so into shoes?
what plume? You downloaded it.
We can taste them already, can't wait!
were at
Thanks for watching Sports Sunday!
If u ever loved spmebody Rt
Went to bed after midnight and have been awake since 430. How am I so chipper?!
Congratulations! Global Ambassador for and Beverly's Full House on the Winfrey Network. ~ Solomon
or maybe I am! :D she's so hot.
Not penny's boat.
Boys with deep a voice<3,<3
awesome Stef! and I now made a twitter account because of how you looked at me when i said i didn't have one : ) thanks! : )
My daughter is flying in from seeing her loser bf at least he'll make $ some day though. That's Important in a partner
thank you for mentioning my new book Tiffany, Glad to be in your network, docprov
I know...just having an old fart kinda day.
lol we're weird bitches I wouldn't want to either lmfao. Fucks wit it.
mornin how u been??
Thank you to friends and long-time San Diego Fine Art Society supporters Pierre Huguet and Fei Zhou for your generous gift to Art Pulse!
the fllor is covered w/ fuzz. the remnants of some wild #mascotmaking - a horse & a Kangaroo.
Off to bed work in the a.m. then two exams and. Deena's event at BWW, busy day!!!!
o ok sleep tight
okay you are honestly the most adorable human being ever i just thought i'd throw that out there :)
My bed Not Letting me get up and Leave Lol
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. Swedish Proverb
LOL Your not fat because your eating more! Your eating more because your fat <.< Lmao
Seeking a #Docketing Supervisor in #Chicago with litigation docketing experience!
Back to business tomorrow. Paying bills and being super productive for 2011!
Oooooww junk! Now you went a little too far buddy! You know ion play abt my mommy, lol.
Thanks for the follow, !
Im interested in the future because its the place I will spend the rest of my life.. -Woddy Allen
Have you seen the movie? Jackie Coogan plays the evil drug pusher. He also plays piano in the "tomorrow is a drag" scene.
If pants were never invented I would have just haad sex.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
Dallas,Texas
DineEquity Names PepsiCo Exclusive Beverage Provider - MarketWatch (press release)
Thanks for the visit today! Excited about phase 2
i think you and vinny are hot lmfao (: <3
as an afterthought... I'd really love some mozzarella sticks. That's some awesome finger food. I think it's been 20 years!
hope things get better ;)
I can only assume half of Twitter just killed themselves.
Hey beautiful amazing girls
What can I do to help you get closer to your goal?
I'm about to kill some one
The green leaf / is finally falling / to find new life in the ground<U+2019>s warmth
I like the leaning by Doing, Observing, and Reflecting part too.
that's fucked up
There's a crowd at Baltimore County Council mtg tonight to again testify on transgender anti-discrimination legislation
How many times do i have to tell this asshole that i don't eat meat simply because i don't want to until he gets it? Ugghhhhh hate
Why the fan in my class fell out the window. LMAO
Avoiding the crowds and chilling by the sea in Edmonds with the BTs
I think I be to early for job interviews
Going to sleep. Comp it the mornin.
makes you want to holla, doesn't it? just bringing up the topic hurts.
I don't want the Patriots here in Indy..<U+0001F621>
hey #Teambreezy :D
David stern needs to rehire tim donaghy to make sure we have a lakers-heat final !
Just dont get in your bed. Thats the worst!
Chiana:I like to have a quick snooze before nap time.
Interesting that Geraldo Rivera doesn't understand that latinos might be more likely to be searched or on the no-fly list.
2nd Annual Pigs in a Blanket includes an entry w/an actual pig's head & feet.
When you're focused & have faith the day of the week may not matter. Bring your best today (and get some good rest). Be well
there are a few of us crazy ones out there that do. :)
That is so true. It's easier to say what's on your mind instead of carefully choosing the right words.
Off and then on, off again and then on again.
I can't believe I'm up<U+0001F621>
lol, yea, i figured that.
After watching today's games, I get the impression all of them could do a good job at losing to the Packers.
RT : Omg I just found out isnt at kiss anymore!!! Worst day ever!!!!! :( >> aw honey! You're so sweet!
nothing doing homework hbu
Another Chris Brown lip sync?!?! Wow #Grammys , this sucks. Makes me want to punch someone. Wait. no.
<U+201C>There's no abiding success without commitment.<U+201D>
Llistening to everyone around me spewing about people who spew oo much in Madison
That feeling when you have three browsers & 41 tabs open and an audio advertisement starts playing. WHERE IS IT COMING FROM?!?!?!
Thanks, pal.
btw the other night me & were playing some battlefield, in the bazar I went 12-0 straight
; keep hating.You just jelly, hoe. :)
nice 1st qtr Spurs, finish them!
I'm all for free speech but there should be a law to protect kids from seeing this stuff. Absolutely ridiculous.
Turns out Walker recall signer Fungky Van Den Elzen is real, leaving just 4 fake names struck
Just made these bomb ass noodles lol
Yes he knows that UK is thin at DT, in weight at that spot his mother is from Kentucky, he just wants a shot! He loves the SEC
Jon Kyl was a looper for the Dalai Lama. A looper, you know, a caddy, a jock.
I ain't a begging mutherf...., but ni%%a please....damn go hard.
Wow that hurts.I'd feel disrespected.Ppl think I'm straight because I don't have a typical gay personality.As if that exists
hahaha there it is, every friday the nick carter follow.
parallel parking sucks. glad I have a good teacher. because it sucks.
Why has said nothing?
did you switch jobs?
My roommate is trying to watch college mens gymnastics instead of the Pacers/Heat or Tribe game.
I'm ready for anything now
NEVER count us out!!! Way to go Hawks!!
well, since google+ profiles show up very readily in search engines compared to twitter or other places...
I guess I just assume something is GMO unless it's labeled Organic. If it was GMO AND labeled Organic, then I would be mad.
Who dat say they gonna beat dem Saints? 1ST PIC FOR #2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS - THE SAINTS - OVER - THE SAINTS WILL SEE WIN
live in #lasvegas, but not at home today.
Correction: Hanging out w/MiiMadre IS ALWAYS A BLESSING PLUS lots of FUN!!! Lol
#YouWereCuteUntil the morning after when I sobered up.
Quite disappointed with trivia results tonight.only saving grace was we weren't last.
whatcha up to tonite sexy?? we're on a party bus wishing u were here!!
Major verbal fight going down right outside my window. This is fun.
this is important.
follow me .
I'm yellin ya, it would be a huge success!
the t shirt
I'm a horrible coach.
sure do!!
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
#FF my boy and make sure u cop his beat tape it goes trust
I'm obsessed with this show. I love it so far :)
Heaven or hell: let's rock.
It's #FollowFriday! So follow me! I'll return the favor!! RT for a shoutout!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 26
When are they going to have Steve Carell back on The Office, as suprise guest?
I just watched A Walk to Remember for the first time <U+0001F62D>
Thanks for following and
sounds like being back on the day job grind is delightful? :)
Yeah, I think you're right...
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history --- with the possible exceptions of tequila.
Love March. Spring training? Check. NCAA tourney? Double check. Girl Scout Cookies delivered? Hells yeah.
WTF. my mom is having sex. I'm about to fuckin go off. This is sick as fuck I can't be apart of this!!!!
u all late in your response. any sleep? me nope...... smh
haha absolutely not. The only white person that's allowed to say swag is Eminem, and he's only technically white haha
i'd say so. That tall one is screaming for some eiswein! Can the chained ones be hung from piercings?
I'm gonna miss next year!
EMD music time
2 days until the Redneck Circus. Gonna be a wild time w/awesome bands, the Miss Redneck Contest, shows & more @ st lucie county fairgrounds
do you need #digital help? Facebook, Mobile,,,?
Everybody is nice and everything is expensive.
Why in the hell people always saying this damn comment, "Why do Black people always eat fried chicken and watermelon" #Mixed signals 4real..
Newyear means new resolutions, why not a new phone makeover don't extend those high price contract for a little crack screen. We can help!
RT : We're almost there #TeamAM... Friday is on the horizon!
Rihanna week omg i need to see this
Man, Arkansas coaches need to spend the half reminding their defense how to make tackles. And their special teams.
I should be out exploring the streets of SF, but prefer the cozy comfort of my hotel room. Oh well... LOL
tauupon biadap, bertaubat la! Don't point d fingers to others.
lol u know u like
You & , give the best Orioles news/notes on Twitter. Thanks!!
Everybody's hating on me, I'm just trying to make more money
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather, not like the people screaming in his car.
its a Belgian style wheat beer made in Quebec. I butchered the brewery name with my excellent touch type skills
Problems are God's way of keeping us from being bored.
its just 2 funny when niggaz lie right in front of my face.........that shizz is just 2 funny 2 me
Looking for some NYC/Brooklyn #models #modeling for #photoshoot. Saw some terrible #photos at go see appts for
So P Kane likes to drink. In other astounding discoveries, the sky is blue.
Thursday at 6. At 1505 east Carson street. 40 bucks a ticket. Email
Actually mine too. I have a Mach 1 Mustang though, '69 in fact wih a 428 SCJ engine....
Thrifty Thursdays $2 off craft cocktail ft small plates! Smitty in the Bar!!
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
Peeps, we are up the elevator to the penthouse bar!
R.I.P. Dick Clark. He made staying up on New Year's worth it!
such a great movie!!!
2: Dance in the Dark
DON'T miss a BOOK called 69 OBAMA lie's..
Who wants to text me? ;*)
your complaining is getting old...
,. Gordon thanks for re-tweet
Parent Teacher conferences today. Great turn out...Lots to talk about.
Just registered my script with the Writers Guild!
u found her? lol
Oranges are like candy you don't feel bad about eating.
": Or know any ladies who fit that criterion, I got a dude for you to meet" hit up she might be interested
grocery shopping in #DC can be very tough. I've taken a rolling suitcase before... Zip cars or a friend's ride are helpful too!
Wishing all of our fabulous friends blessings and warm wishes throughout this Holiday season!
Pizza and a soda with Lisa Giglio at gibbys pub
thought about burning a couch or a car on the side of the road here in italy, but i don't think that would be socially acceptable. #GOCATS!
I've always thought it was BS and refused to follow/click because of it.
The bright side of the canvas
<U+201C>: Looking for a change of luck. Wings @ 623 #letsgo<U+201D>. Not working yet
I love being with me(: I feel safe with you<3
Seeing a lot about project based learning & want to start using it. How do I help my students work well in groups? Think they need guidance
i have NO doubt, believe me!
": Anybody wanna come over & get drunk this weekend? I have this house to myself :)" me me me me lol
Watching #RV in government!
As long as you believe in God you'll never really be alone.
Just completed the #VCE #Vblock architecture course in DC. Great class, lots of info, glad it coincided with the #vsphere5 announcement.
Happy birthday MSR
M! You go, girl! RT : Treating myself to an 80 minute decadent foot massage! So needed!
since when is "Stuff yourself" an insult. You must be foreign or something
Definitely. When you arrive & where are you staying?
All the time. Two Cali trips back to back in April and May.
Anyone need me on a track send ya beat or unfinished jam to #lets make a hit
good job on the initiation. Welcome Max!!
Marlins eliminated SF in '97 postseason, eliminated SF in '03 postseason, now SF has lost 2 critical players during FL's last 2 visits to SF
60% of the time, it works all the time
Artist's Night Out event @ Indianapolis Museum of Contemporary Art. FREE ADMISSION!
Yeah #Blackhawks!!! Playoff city.
Is there anyway to lock focus on the streaming cam? Its only focused on the rain drops on the dome.
Each exit from #AmericanIdol from now on will be "Not him/her!" I'm glad 1 of last night's weaker performers survived, but surprised tonite.
Wisdom is best evidenced by the questions asked rather than by the answers given.
Why education is so important: "sicsors" was written on a legal form.
Wat make u thank u the one, that position comes with a lot of responsibility, ijs
Celebrating my Dad's life my taking my son to
The joys of farming. The first tomatos are tasting so good. #localmke. Family farm grafton. Stop by and see whats growin...
haha i bet I can extend your record with Orgasms lmao
I get out there occasionally....love good BBQ! Thanks for the shout out!
give you all the wellwishing in the world get well much love and respect BROSKI hope to be close !
Hey, did anyone order a Windows Phone 7 device from #microsoftstore for a $0.01 back in June?
Are you volunteering this weekend? Tell us about it...
Party tomorrow with <3
RT : RT : just fucking killed the studio with New song will have Cleveland killing Sally BIK
I'll call and txt him too...I LOVE the SHAMBLE!!!
Highly recommend the new GALAXY NEXUS
#DaughterOfABeautician You have to wait until she's done with her clients to get your hair done
roasted three-kind green beans. with which,brewed coffee and tastes much bitter than i expect
MACRONUTRIENTS - Know what they are? How many? Kcals per gram?
Damn right! :) Was watching it again before Prometheus. And you know, when I think about Ridley Scott...
- the porn teacher, really that should be no ones business but her own, I side with her NOT that crappy school !
Rip to the souls that lost their lives
You know what smell doesn't get enough credit? Banana
high ponytail w/ fishtail braid <U+0001F601>
Good Morning and Happy Monday :)
Lets put the ketchup on the fry. Love it.!!!
tonight at the Launchpad. Thanks to everyone that made last night so much fun. Check out RAWRRmusic.com
<U+201C>: JUST LEFT WIT ON THE WAY TO TACOMA FOR THE #GRITCITYTOUR WIT <U+201D> good times
well u gonna follow me back cuzz I can't dm u unless u do
I think it's marketed as Adult, but it reads YA. And read by Kate Reading.
<U+201C>: follow back ?<U+201D> now following sorry it took so long
When I saw I Want You Back trending I thought of the nsync song
: thanks for the shoutout!
Fat Joe and Rick Ross seeing who's fatter is
LOL. I am so sad! Ravens Fan for life! Bmore forever! Got a 73 inch 3D HDTV I can't wait to watch them on next season!
I wish I could dance or sing
If could natively generate RSS feeds, it would be seriously powerful. Imagine being able to transform non-personal email into a feed.
oh, awesome! camping is definitely in order. :) we will be moving for reals at the end of April.
Very long week. But hey there's The Masters and time to rest this weekend.
And now "rude boy"? Oh pandora, you shouldn't have!
Just saw Jason. It made me sad. True story.
where are you all playing?
omg, you have a more expensive camera than me, it doesnt mean it makes you any better than me.
Did you remember to fall back this weekend? We have new fall/winter hours! Beginning today, we will close at 7 p.m. on weekdays.
What's really good?? I guess we all gon get used from time to time.... Or at least they try to. Ladies, use them before they do u.
Idk why but when i think bout #oomf my stomach feel weird
something about the left side of his face GOP #SOTU responder Gov. Mitch Daniels not want us to see?
RT : My 4 year old 2day asked me y Pres O & Romney couldn't both B half-President? Then she asked same abt Mufasa & Scar in...
I hear you man. I saw white tourists posing with smiling riot cops down there, probably a lil different vibe for minorities
15 minutes? You saying you'd deliver? :-)
AVATAR NEW YORK -Senior Software Engineers for an awesome studio based in San francisco for more info contact .uk
unless you're under 12 years old you shouldn't mention the avengers.
haha it's hard not to! I'm in advanced so they make us do so much more work D:
Seriously though y'all got phones or gchat or something right
20 days to the orange and white game!
Traci. Pop by Safari Cup coffee-enjoy a fresh brew of our African Arabica coffee roasted here onsite on us
fun! Can't wait to hear your review.
I'm 2700 :+D RT : RT : I'm only 9 followers from 2700. Can u help a girl out and rt this? Thanks :)
Jackie Gillan Pres, Advocates for #Highway & #Auto Safety will be speaking this year about #safety on #roads, a #major hot-button #issue!
finally off work.. who got the drinks??
Hunter makes that catch, yet he missed the routine pop fly...
Real men don't wear PINK, they EAT it ;) x
The two-foot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows
About to get sweaty, and sore #insanity day 26
I sell the at wk and have had a number of ppl tell me they were buying a tempur to replace a sleep number.
too many languages in one tweet = google translate failure
Thanks for the clarification... no current plans for this - sorry!
Can we help in any way?
I was too but I could only pick one word! lol!
Tusk is a masterpiece.
Working on music as I speak for and Video for our song being planned right now.
Cum make me
heh. I merely have an opinion. But whatever works for you is fine, I guess :)
Houston Wants You! Street Beauty Entertainment.....wants you to!
Back home after a great weekend.
Just got a sharp pain in my leg. Most def about to go to sleep now. Bad enough Im congested
uh I'm not too sure. Maybe like 12. My dads gunna drive us
Obama:"Eff this election, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie. Here, tell these people something they don't know about me"*Drops mic
Thousands of NEVER B4 SEEN photos of REGGAE ARTISTS taken by RED ROSE...coming soon
I just saw a commercial for Scientology?!?!
GO KINGS GO!!!
The resemblance is striking! Can I call you Beez?
Haha agreed. I strongly dislike Cyrus and think it just smacks of contrived awkwardness. Jeff felt true and right all around
We just learned that the White House reserved 5 seats for union members for #Barnard2012. Very classy!
Learning one thing aday keeps the doctor away.
I love you you fing rock!!!!
i hope wartford leaves IU for some reason, hate that guy
Tell Me Why Teachers Stalk Our Facebooks Then Talk Bout Uss There So #Childish . :(
I'm going to Bamboozle but I can't see you play cause I'm 15 ugh
Well hello :) I'm well.. how are you?
best twitter account going right now
Painted my nails white .
I respect you for that. That's the point I'm trying to get to.
Starting to scare me in #Brewers land....
we have a 50th bday party in NJ sorry to miss tree lighting and open house with the #philly women.
Excited to attend 's Ready to Launch party tonight! Now, what to wear?...
#Imagine you're at a Austin concert and while he is singing he suddenly stops and doesn't stop starring at you with a big smile. <U+2665>
Don't try to be hardcore, they'll tear you to shreds, hun.
so do we know if the OVAs are being rolled into this rerelease?
Daniel Murphy giveth, Daniel Murphy taketh away.
Venturing away from Charles Street to try out coworking in Fells Point today at
Allergies clearing up but Caps lose series, dang the cosmic balances!
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
bring me my ciiigs!
Awesome. I'm planning to under the #MAA2012 tag. :-)
calling you tomorrow
well let me know :)
first attempt at dal is in the slow cooker. we'll see how this goes.
I have the best friends in the whole world.
we still goin out tonight?
there is snow falling in haymarket
it makes no damn sense!!
Glad it worked out. I know we had some email issues. Thanks for coming!
Headed to USC hospital.. Hope all goes well
. um, did we just get #packers advice from a spammer?
Great way to take advantage of todays low rates.....consider refinancing to a shorter term!! Most borrowers will save ten's of thousands $$$
I wonder why they don't make lizard-flavored cat food. I know my cat would be on board for that!
agree! Forgot about how many hits she had!
<U+201C>: storytellers: the single most useful tool in your kit is the heart beating in your chest.<U+201D>
It's all over. Manchester City have won the 2011-12 Barclays Premier League title. Congratulations to them. Wait, what?
Got my picture taken, got jumped on my a dog, and now i'm in a hot car with my sparkly shirt glistening....
Chrysler posts net loss for 2010, but will give employee bonuses
no way!
On the road again:)) Headed to meet up with my awesome band, for some shows in Missouri. Hope to see you there!!! ?
every gorgeous boy in the world is out and about today! =)
Everything's better with pickles and mayonnaise.
*resting my head on your shoulder, feeling a little shock* Nope, I'm perfect just the way I am.
Are you failing miserably at getting some of your goals accomplished? Great post by bit.ly/noKuDP
Update: Mobile Apps for Museums book. eBook was to be released at AAM, but print book was released instead. eBook available next week.
Happy Friday! : Happy Aloha Friday!
It's called spring for college students. If you're not a college student you're just being your natural slutty self, but in another city.
shit man Koolin tryin to stay out this heat!!! Wuz good over N Amsterdam?
Im in love with those shirtless pics of justin o.o
the one who came to school every day woke up for the world practiced honesty her business was hers
I will have a heavy heart, but let me know where and when. I may or may not be wearing a Seau jersey
Dont get all caught up on somebody that you used to know.
looks like i got my two points after all :P
Too many characters on TV commercials look like my friends and me. Time to kill ourselves.
Jenn ur a very important part of my new alter ego
Fairly certain that teachers will not "read allowed." Nor will they "asses fluency."
It's a great Night in Denver Colorado :)
awesome.... thanks!
Conversely, if you're trick or treating, you're probably too young to be wearing a wedding ring.
Working on music. is the musical engineer for the show! Gonna be INTENSE :) March 25th save it!!!
No, but I direct
Many thanks, darling. I am so glad we've met... LOVE YOU!
Happy holidays #cupcakes scoffed
Al-Jazeera Digital Dashboard Tracks <U+2018>Arab Spring<U+2019> Tweets
So happy right now!
Best show yet. Thanks, everyone!
Thanks for the mention !
Just working..:)
heyy I'm gonna butt in on ur convo
ridin a dirt bike for the first time ever>>>>
Has anyone mentioned how much pressure this puts on Andrew Luck.
Today I am wearing a skirt that I made on Sunday. It's made me excited to see what else I can create.
yes...pause- and reflect on some of #OlensTips for a guide to living well.
<U+201C>: Want #free Inflight Wi-Fi? Follow & tweet with #ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!<U+201D> send it.
"stay at home bllloggasss" lol I HATE ERICA!! AH
isn't it exciting???
But that once in a blue moon it's so nice when you're on the West Coast and can enjoy the games right after work!
True! Not exactly digital independence
*blush* um, thank you too!
Want my lip peirced again! Dx
good word!
Right now I would be ok with something different
Should we add this to our list of places to visit in June?
Shut up!
Elijah of Buxton
excited to watch you on the warriors!! Good luck against the Knicks tomorrow
Join us TODAY for FREE family fun at APEX Stage in Sweet Auburn Fall Festival. Entertainment, Food, Vendors. 10a-6p
#youknowyoughetto When you got the New Jordan's on BUT your house leaning
It happens every so often and I'm not sure why?!?! It is fun to give a bad time about it, like she controls it.
I gambled. Lack of production from Finley was killing me. Thought celek would do better than 21 yds v Seattle. Onto next wk
Wow! Jay Bruce takes Estrada beyond Toyota Territory for the Reds 2nd HR of the inning. 5 straight extra base hits.
University of Pennsylvania researchers claim that women in stable relationships with lots of sex, sleep better than single women do.
Just got home off work n I Tired as fuck Still bout to work out tho gotta stay in shape 4 dis upcoming deployment
Was the show canceled?
think I just saw in harlem...? anywayz, BIG SHOUT OUTS to Idris for doing it big for blacks in Hollywood! Keep up the great work!
Just saw a swine flu mask. *jaws theme* uhoh, its cominnnggg
haha awesome! See ya tonight :-)
wut do mean everyday? As in 7 days a week?
What's good ! You ready to party Friday!?
Pretty good Joy. Happy Thanksgiving to you friend!
come make s hit song instead
I made a playlist with The Wanted, Hot Chelle Rae, and David Archuleta thinking 'its all my fav guys'. Weirdest combination of songs ever.
Tell us about Day of the Tread!!!
let's fight this bitch :)
Tune in to 97.7 @ noon mst for the launch of our new station!
ima be big the whole summer -_-
Too early to talk favorites. Ask me after draw.
Make sure to exercise your right to VOTE this coming Tuesday. Who you vote for is not the thing. That you DO IT is!!!
How much is it? I'm broke right now but I can try.
Storms. Storms. Storms. :)
omg! Pls tell her she's in my prayers!!
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
sounds like an awesome plan! And you'll be even more happy with some of the other shirts we have in the works :)
Elderly gent just asked server for fresh corn. He meant popcorn. That's language from the days of yore.
Let's get action drunk!
Sitting in Dr. Booher's office.....
ima keep da squares away from me also
did you find out the flight info?or hotel info for nyc?:o
whoa :O those are swaggilicious, g, cool, awesome, AMEEZING, fierce. Love it.
I shoulda planked on that bitch who asked me for an ID and blamed it on the al al al alcohol
Desire is all, the heartbeat of the universe. You are empty without it, abundantly lush with it. Give me a lush desire
at least... that's what I imagine goes on inside that barrel.
Agreed! Never underestimate the power of instructions when writing crowd content.
Legal Seafoods is an intriguing proposition.
That shirt Cheryl Miller is wearing is ugly. Maybe I need to dress her
The number of aerial drones the Pentagon has: 7,000. That number a decade ago: less than 50.
that sounds awful. I think maybe you need the coffee more then me then
will be providing some amazing beer for Tap Haven, make sure you<U+2019>re there!
If you get Cheetos & orange sherbet it'll be orange day!!! (Orange day is the best--we used to have it at Luther.) She'll love it!
You didn't HAVE to - though it is the polite thing to do . . .
So glad to see you & catch up at dinner tonight!
<U+201C>: I hate Mondays...mainly because they exist.<U+201D>
Lunch with
How bad is it to quit a job without giving two weeks notice?
Appliance Recycling Program Opens in West Penn Power Territory - Business Review India (press release)
Poor girl can't hang with the big dogs. lol She's cute. I want cookies.
thanks for the tip on tune in radio! this includes 92.3 and WKNR. all in one app!
How did it go?? RT My cousin is having his big meeting with bp today regarding the boats. Keep your fingers crossed
It's Rubie Tuesday! ! Time for two piercings for the price of one!
The Woman In Black #ScariestMovieEVER!!!
Ha! How do you think of these things!
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND
nothing lol talking to u on facebook and twitter and listening to Lighters lol
Oh, how I wish that were me!
Underated #closer - Derrick Fisher
At House, enjoying talk about digital engagement.
As a lifelong resident of Milwaukee, thank you for saying what people like me believe: Downtown Milwaukee is embarrassing!
LMBO Yeah buddy! No brains aloud!
I'm going to go ahead and doubt the guy I saw wearing a Clippers shirt this morning was wearing it around this time last year.
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Help us in the fight.
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplyfi in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with :)
who do you root for when you like both teams ?
Not sleepy. Reading David Sedaris' Barrel Fever. Oh damn.
lol.. Never that!<U+201D>) So what u say?
Who's up w/me?!
#FF If you're a Chopped fan you know her as one of the judges. Also a great cook and cool person and a joy to follow.
Okay to slEep for real. suns coming up
you're really random. WE BELONG TOGETHER BB
Good question, and hopefully Haynes refers to the growing number of scholars attempting to deal with that specific problem?
I am obsessed with the things I find on If you haven't heard/been to the site... go there now!
Planning on making a cover. Time to take out the keyboard<3.
psh you'll be awesome! maybe we can talk though about things we've done wrong!
I was just thinking the same thing when looking at the summer to request days off. Time only flies if you look at it.
Yes, I believe you did as well lol
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Graphic Literature: Footnotes in Gaza
5 Starr chick<U+E335>
I just got off the phone with my wife, a typical call while on the road, nothing unusual. And yet I feel so blessed to be married to her.
I was going crazy looking for the heat game lastnite lol its today tho
MUST. COVER. PREPS!
Yes! Must play and the last couple times you have found the cash icon in no time! We are excited to have you play again!
we're so much alike -___-
I want one of him on a patter. :)
She Just Called My Word Ugly -__- .
Ole, what fun workshops with Antonio. You can still sneak in tomorrow for Baile &/or Palmas starting at 6:30...
not our rules. What in the world did you do??
we had the honor of seeing him on
So we just started a Pinterest account. What do you think we'd be interested in? Post on our facebook and we might add it!
you're welcome. Looking forward to the tweets
Hawk cares.
Awesome! RT : Field trip day-Bloomington children's museum & Monicals with 50+ preschoolers & their families
omg i love ur tweets!
We love you, boss! Thanks for everything. Now bigger, better things!
Need a Lawyer; or Want one on Hand bc trouble finds you or get pulled over ? You can go here too : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
CHRIST IS BORN!
Thanks, folks! :-)
"Cognitive training: using brain plasticity to alter circuits. Build resilience through practice. Just like biceps." Dr Insel at
So key. RT : "I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill." ~Edward Appleton
We love baseball season!!!
I have been dubbed white chocolate. Because I'm white. And hope to stay that way. Hahah
grease lightning is stuck in my head. help me!! haha
#TED: "Every object should think about the user, cast that user in a story about that user." this is important for teachers.
Bringing back the machine...
Listening to at #acrl2011 talking about environmental interdependance.
you can bring your children to public pools without getting thrown out (found that out the hard way)
A friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you just the same.
Why hello Bolt Bus, haven't seen you in a while.
i like how chicago came in and 'saved' LA's coffee scene. & i do enjoy cafecito organico & cafe de leche (close to mi casa)
For most of us life in some way is a fight! But, In Christ it's a no losing battle. You win!
wowzers. gee, i'd never dye my hair. i luv being blonde
Did somebody fart on the heats bench or what?
Take pride in how far you have come, and have faith in how far you can go. ~Christian Larson
Sir, Alexandra of Denmark has been the Princess of Wales since she married Albert Edward eighteen years ago in 1863!
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's such a good guy, I am willing to give him credit for Bush's accomplishments.
Oh, me too love... As soon as I get over this legal bs. I'm so... stressed. I'm proud of you, and love you. -MM
Nicely played!
10:00 news story: what you need to know about buying Llamas from the side of the road. I love New Mexico.
discussion about membership: in case of a consortium, should it be encouraging member libraries to have librarians join KUDOS?
more is not always better
Today, don't rush through your inner preparations as you get ready to set down a piece of your soul on life's canvas. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach
Thanks. :) We actually skipped the zoo + went to the Night Safari instead. The fire show was amazing!!
Finally! Olive Garden!
#Brewers win! And Bob Uecker sounds like he doesn't care...No emotion and he didn't even say Brewers win..weird.
LOL would be proud.. Except if you're gonna name drop might as well use famous people, not washed up braves ;)
RT Thanks for the retweet! Hope you had a great weekend:-) // i did thank you!
#whyamibored needa get outta the house...
"Instructions are for the clueless. so yes, I do need instuctions" favorite quote I from today
I'm curious if it has any information on it. It's sort of like getting a top secret mission by accident! Like Chuck.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! O.O
Trying to procrastinate this hw right now....
the meeting about camp was EPIC. I can't wait!!! Who do you know that's coming!?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 55
who is u talkin to
I gotta Dominican girl.
come to the library with and
You still have time to prepare but don't worry fellow mudders are awesome they usually help you out.
#sweetdreams all! I know mine will be!
<U+201C>: Zen is not bothered about anything superhuman; its whole concern is how to make ordinary life a blessing. -Osho<U+201D>
Once again it's on....
You too! >> : Thanks for #FF and mention. Have a great weekend.
3 days! looking forward to seeing you.
No way, how tall are you?!
thank you very much!
no replay for that obvious fan interference???What a fucking joke.
neat people! Have to have RSVP'd I think though. At Champions now if you wanna join.
Share the music with friends...
Can't for glee tonight
dude that already happened
Ringaling!!! Alice? I think thats your name!!! Thanks for following!!! TTYL!!
Make water your new BFF. It's easy to mistake thirst for hunger, so reach for water first when the next hunger pang hits.
need new headshots for boys time to get serious about getting them working !!
Up early taking Brianna to Sunday church a school!<U+26EA>
thanks for the FYI - I confirm the win
"Have you seen that show Oddities? I think you'd like it. You're the best on SNL."
Hi, Sid! It's been so long since we've chatted. Hope all is well!
Spankings will likely be in order.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What are you doing to celebrate? Have fun and be safe!
RT Visual Acoustics intro by Jakob Trollback is... Incredible.
RT: If she stands up to u without being intimidated truly sees YOU for who u really are & calls u on ur bullcrap #ThatsHonestLove"
Getting ready to learn about C3 vs. Dewey
Have a water or mold issue at your property? Call DKI Restotech for a free estimate. 702-664-6910. Your 24/7 EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM!!!
I've been in the same place lately, I think "split" is gonna become the new norm ;)
What do you do!? lol
thanks so much!!
What? Hit me up before lunch next time. Have a great day guys.
good morning from the dirty south.
Q to sports flacks...which platform do you consider leader: Ad Meter, 's Ad Scrimmage, Brand Bowl or 's Ad Blitz?
sadly true.
Thanks Mike! What's your favorite?
My prayers & condolences go to and his family.
RT : NPR series good in that it encourages more public attention and discussion. otherwise, both myopic and oversimplified
You might be a fan of At Your Service Concierge if ____________.
": Difference b/twn Delhi '09 and Delhi '11 is absolutely stunning. Flyovers. Wide highways. Metrorail. Amazing."
Relo buyer needs house 2000+sf W Madison. Wheelchair accessible/1st flr master and full bath.
thanks for RT. great ending at #TEDMED Sad to leave.
-__- lol no problem :) RT : aww thanks for the goodnight tweet that I'm just now seeing lol
Dope, hit me wit a Dm w/ when and what time u want and we'll make it happen
guessing 5 or 6. Mitch was going to come by, waiting to hear from him.
- Thanks for following! What are today's musings?
Programmers wanted for a number of A studios in europe - contact .uk
Best moment: the Drunk hillbillies at 's race, talkin crap the whole time! Only made me cheer louder! Their faces after he won!
Next time
If U spend your whole life waiting 4 the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. ~ Morris West
I'll text you when I get there tomorrow.
this game doesn't count
Bron at buzzer! This, my man, is why we name a burger in your honor.
Oh and that's Demings, not Demmings...That last name is almost as tricky as and not Eric Webber!
Ecstatic music festival opening marathon. Starts soon.
Luckily the traffic doesn't spill over to my end of the Highland Park Neighborhood. Good luck!
Settling in after work and watching Zuck talk about the facebook overhaul, while I wait for my
welcome 2 twitter follow
Congrats on your first tweet! Keep them coming! :-)
Incredibly grateful for all my friends. Even though today mostly involved some disappointment.. God helped me find a reason to be thankful!
Then we need to get you & the family (if said family exists) down to Beirut & Malta in 14 months. Are you game?
Mahalo to for signing the proclamation for the YLD of for next week's #Lawweek!
So far, "Woman Don't You Cry For Me" is my favorite. Instrumentals are kickin.
omg its awesome its like chocolate! (:
Today is a GREAT day to be GREAT! Go Pack Go!
Sure he needs to make it to MSG<U+201C>: will close the show on YES at 6:25pm with a clip from Aug 2009 of Mike and Pete Fornatale.
Yup! New (6 months) - headed by Currently hanging out at #WSJdata weekend - lots of great privacy projects!
The quote is from the track Made In America.
Spent yesterday sending out resumes. Today I wrote. I'm much happier today.
today is gonna be a good good day....
Eric K is here!
*Directions on box* "Microwave for 3 to 5 minutes" 4 MINUTES IT IS!
Something that I couldve brought in the day before when I went by his office. Cant wait until its all over
Junot Diaz's new book out this September.
How can you spot a blind man at a nude beach? The walking stick.
30 minutes left to grab your schooners !!
ha!! -> <U+201C>: Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely.<U+201D>
Very interesting!! I heard Dr. Wood speak a couple of yrs ago on this topic, too.
happy birthday from all of us in Venice and ... be sending you "Life" this Friday.both versions
Not good enough, again.
needs to keep his head up& hang in there. Love yew pauly wally <3
You tell me to text you Curtis then your not gonna respond ? Cool <U+0001F381><U+0001F614>
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up. What do you really want from your company?
After a week off, tonight's Spurs game doesn't start until 8:30. I'm ready to go NOW.
hey man you all good
Agree 100%. RT <U+201C>: Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not #golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..<U+201D>
lots of cool people. Laaaawlss. ;)
what he should have, is a banner or some recognition in the rafters of Staples Center.
austin mahone is a sex god, lolololol.
3 more days until I report to the MTC!!!
that's what I'm here for baby, to make sure you're always happy :)
Password reset #tweetthatb*tch! Watch out for these hackaholics anonymous 3rd party apps ya'll!
seriously !!!! I have the worst road rage ever too hahahah
I'm an optimist
: Watched David Lynch's Dune for the first time as an adult. Huh. I think the production team was on way too much Spice.
Cards are in the air for our 1-3NLH and double hours are going on right now! Only a few seats left so hurry on over to lock yours up!
Excited to finally taste 's creations tonight with some great friends.
Haha. Whose cat is that?
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
The New York Football Giants are so much better then your favorite football team
always keeps me in the know when it comes to contemp. music history. That's why iloveujaredcox
Thanks for the follow!
burning the candle at both ends. gilding the lily. bringing coals to Newcastle.
that one part in #NSN3D when you hold your hand out that made me go crazy <33
thanks so much, Barbara, I really appreciate it! Be sure to share us with anyone who wants to win #freebooks!
Love just harder to decide.:/
consider it done!!!
So on board with this idea. MT #UConn needs to take advantage of German invasion and serve beer & brats to the fans and media.
jeebus christo there's so many mexicans here. silly family of mine. lol
Crying at 5am; I got so sappy at the end of Homeward Bound
It's National Paella Day! So, watch your neck...
Highly recommend the crab cakes, lobster and fennel fritters, and sesame-crusted ahi tuna DELICIOUS! It's a must try.
I probably know more shit then you ever will throughout your whole life. #IHaveTheLooks #AndTheBrains. Bitch ass nigga. Shit..
S/O to 4 a solid listenin' party, cant wait for #InVitro, footage frm ThaCW coming soon
That nap turned into BED. Lol
<U+201C>: Carlie Rae, the very best.<U+201D>--> in my defense I tried to turn it down
Finally goin to sleep
Oops, not everyone was thru yet. RT : Wow, fast 50K. 75% of the field hit the first split at 10 min/mile or quicker!
Grow the fuck up
The City's Church Las Vegas is MOVING!! God has opened a door for us to move into a beautiful church building! Details coming soon!!!
why does want to write for ?
OMG I did it again!!! Ah!!! Oh I play hockey to BTW lol
Come try out one of our delicious beef burgers! Black Eyed Pea+Pickle+Pork Belly Has goes with the Sweet&Sour Ketchup quite well!
"Never let a lack of talent get you down." -Dead Man's Bones.
Girl ": <U+201C> I stays messin with them out of state boys...<U+201D> I feel you!"
ugh i want to text you that i wanna see you but i refuse to.
Contractors Accused in Home Improvement Scam
i told my friends i dont have tumblr....... i got a scar 0.0
Saw a news clip today about how technology (ipads/itouchs/phones) are replacing paper completely in some schools.
RT If one more person calls me "Lil booty", imma knock the shit out of em! <U+0001F621> <U+00AB><U+00AB>fucking liars
Holy cow cut copy is fun
<U+201C>: We should break up into teams. Each team focuses on one part of the selfish conservative extremism that has crippled America.<U+201D>| Yes!
this means one thing..... Lasertron take her down haha
Hey im a Belieber and this is crazyy but heres my twitter so follow me maybe? (;
but then he'd hate her for it, and wouldn't let Brienne go find Sansa.
My favorite scene in The Avengers is when the heroes yelled at each other until they realized it was the mood slime making them angry.
just download the free kindle app. Kindle version of the book is $5
Thank you for sharing these important insights into literacy! Please share w #evsccoaches when conf is over!
Does it break the restraining order if you<U+2019>re looking at them through a telescope
Thanks for CORE. I learned that Social Contract theory is necessary to any discussion about Public Policy.
new #house tracks up. check 'em out.
Thank you so much I owe you one. can't wait to see you <3
Omg I hate accepting the fact that Im ugly omg
I see da BLIND leadin da blind but dont say I didnt tell ya so in the end only GODS word matterz i will bet your pastor iz a liar
Is Anderson playing yet? That'll get me to watch.
yeah sweety smalla how many evil friendz do u have? I love u
Jealousy can ruin a lot of things.
- still in jail.
Today marks my six year anniversary with and -- the years have flown by!
if i had a boy when i grew up id name him Jeydon! Yepp.
that's all that matters
For all my fans that's wondering if I'm still in the music business.... YES New MixTape Droping March 1 Titled J-Shin VS JHustle Alter Ego
i too am irish...we are the best looking people around (:
As she wakes in the morning with a smile on her angelic face. I can only imagine that angels must look like this
#oomf need to shout me out
Nimmagadda deteriorated his moral values from being ambitious to being greedy. He crossed the line and Karma reacted!
Ryan Miller is injured tonight and will not play for the #Sabres tonight
We love feedback! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
real estate investing | I Buy Austin Houses Blog
the great Eddie George rocking a sweet bow tie. I also love the nachos at his restaurant!
#Fortunempw Regarding making markets, "be first an be lonely" - Ginny Rometty SVP IBM
Haha, well, until Twitter releases a Stylebook, I'm of the opinion that a hashtag implies its punctuation mark. ;-)
I saw the first episode. 4/10
thank you :)
Summary Box: Nestle to buy Pfizer unit for $11.85B - San Antonio ...
<U+201C>Reality is broken. Game designers can fix it.<U+201D> <U+2015> Jane McGonigal
Hurricane was a Troll.
(jen) Delivering three projects to three different clients this week - all great videos. Can't wait to show them off!
hey :p
Happy New Year! Here's to an exciting 2012... no doubt we'll have a lot of White Whale milestones!
RT Loved Act like a lady think like a man!! hella funny!
My pockets kinda heavy so I'm feeling kinda big ! #butimnotarapper lol
What? is on the radio now?? I don't suppose the Grammys had anything to do with that
yo girl cedes let me to your profile.. funny huh.
at least once a week until it gets too hot here in AZ then I move on to my Steelers tank tops :-)
RT : You know your dedicated to the gophers when you are watching the hockey game on a 4.5 inch screen
The more we make being LGBT everyday normal & people know the names & faces & lives of our families the more they take the leap & support.
Was it hot in San Diego today or what? Good thing we offer complementary ice cold sweet tea for our Coopsters EVERY day!
hit me up we can chat
- I finally changed my twitter handle. no more complaints!
agreed. I expected better fm them.
there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as "well" as can be expected! (not very!)
So why did Dr. Hansen decide to dye Hansen's tail blue before Blue Grass Stakes? "I'm a little different" Hansen tells
Visit our hotel and check-in on Foursquare for a special treat in the Polo Lounge!!
Imagine a shale deposit that is 400 million years old. it's a gold rush in Pennsylvania
preach it! i mean....speak it! We are NEVER bailing you out again!
when can we expect you in all in chicago ?
Now she's on a cotton candy platform in the middle of the crowd.
yeah.. this is like the first race I've ever watched. Seems pretty intense.
Durrrrrr uh my butt hole duraheerrrrrr
looking for the #supermoon. Too cloudy here?
Door hardware is used daily. It pays to buy quality. You don<U+2019>t want to have to replace it in five years.
The odds of being dealt a pocket pair are 16 to 1.
#MiamiShared: The kind of #office where no one EVER asks if you've "got a case of the #Mondays."
We are a group of real people, and I'm sure our over worked staff would love from baja fresh 271 E state st columbus oh 43215
what app is that?
me too well not the tatt part I used to make my mom sing it every night she still does when shes cooking.lol
Little and often makes much. - Play Alganon
Oh my god you so damn cute. Make me give up all my loot (:
'Five Seconds' sounds like it belongs in a John Hughes movie.... jean jacket dance party lets go
Maybe... Not sure yet.
The secret of success is consistency of purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli
RT : NPR head resigns after calling Tea Party "racist." Tomorrow, NASA head to resign after calling space "big."
haha u never met one ur age before? ive met people on here that are directioners older than me like 20 and 21 lol
I wish we were there right now, but it's prolly dark and foodless.
If you want the money, if you gotta make it..
aha just have to tell u i love that ring u always wear :) #iloveyou <3 :D
We're in 148 row 26... two extra seats nearby!
HGTV is my life <U+0001F49C><U+0001F609>
welcome! Lets tear it up.
So... excited for #MidnightMadness2012 ..
Fringe is on Fox.
Thank you! Have a wonderful holiday!
There is only one week left to enter the SWEEPSTAKES so enter today!
Misogynist: A man who hates women as much as women hate one another.
you got me how i met your mother is great! though it isn't REALITY TV
Final round! Let's do this
Its been a long day. I need food and sleep. That's all.
Can you chime in on Marmol? I want to think he regains job since rest of 'pen is not impressive.
I feel like I'm bad luck but when shit happens that's life
oh no! What happened??
You know you smoke a lot of weed when you come to a point in your life where you wonder if you should have dreads.
If I barley have time for my boyfriend and myself what makes people think I have time for they ass
God i hate my sister with a passion... #GoAway #I'mBeingSerious
Ah, now I see, but still can't figure out Romney plan.
I'm stealing this from #clarkstown schools. Great way to show common core math practices.
Alright. We got this guy out. Now lets score against the bullpen.
That's not necessarily true. I think Shaq's competition at center was significantly better than Kareem's.
Karl Hess and Teddy V would be proud of that.
Lol.. That's very true!
#FF to our new design followers. Looking forward to sharing tweets with you!
Interesting. I really notice it when I switch to my wife's ipad2. The screen is, for me, the only big diff
Don't even joke...
thanks cookie! Love you! Make it a great day ;)
are they confusing you with someone's mom?
Hell to the yeah!
hey what's up
Getty. Love that place.
jst got done wit my hair. Look nice too. ;)
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
hi thank you for the follow i <3 u!<U+00A1>!<U+00A1>!<U+00A1>
I will indeed, Kristine!
Library peeps! I need a catchy title for a career panel featuring archivists, conservators and spec. libr., to entice students. Ideas?
Where my homie at! I'm looking at getting that apartment real soon. FYI hah
haha. Well apparently I was so out of it yesterday I put it back in the wrong drawer so the mystery has been solved. ;)
Assessments and auditions are DONE.
Got all morning in the studio. What could be better?
Thanks!!! Send me an email & let me know what you are doing. It's so nice to hear that your #usfpr degree is paying off!!
The Love is Amazing ...
holy balls are you going!?!!!
Just watched the Avengers movie trailer - Man, did I love that comic as a kid!!!
Hahaha mom just about threw up with the drink i made. Apparently 1 shot to a can of coke is too much for her.
Is there a hashtag archive of the MLA e-lit readings/performance?
Why am I awake????
's new song #BOYFRIEND is now out <3 :D
2 Shows officially booked in the next month!!!! Stay tuned!!
doesn't stand a chance against Three Lines of Coke.
do we get a dm?
So, my first round draft was essentially: 1.5 - David Wilson, 1.8 - S. Bradford/J. Baldwin, 1.12 - I. Pead
hey your call. Anytime
RT : RT : Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer. When it says, 'Titanic is syncing', push cancel. Then ...
<U+201C>: See i cant take you nowhere. LOL<U+201D> haha His new tape is 2 hard, Make respectable folk wanna commit felonies LOL
Thanks for the retweet. My fist one lol
wheres my december birchbox..?? i don't have enough #patience to wait any longer
just makin sure
Simmons tuition on the rise.. there's a reason to not delay graduation...too late now, the path has been laid.
I took her back to my crib, what the hell, I can't even get out of my crib.
I wake up early when I don't have to.
Thanks! We hope you can stop by during fiesta!
Man what's up wit Boston?
First evening reference shift of Spring 12. Amanda and I are rotating Sundays and Wednesdays this semester. First week. Not much going on.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
The B3Brewery is now on twitter. Check us out for weekly status updated on our beer.
Good Morning. Thank you. Hope your day goes well.
hey shut the fuck up.
If you find yourself walking around downtown San Diego and you are hungry for delicious Mexican food, you should swing by :)
For a NYT reporter, RJ has a lot of free time. Also, why were Julia and Frank both wearing plaid in the following scene?
Finally eating lunch in peace. Aww so relaxing now :)
I got out of my rut by re-listening to Wee Free Men by Terry Pratchett and then a Dresden Files book read by James Marsters
So is The Killing basically Twin Peaks without any of David Lynch's craziness?
With over 15,000 miles logged in the past 2 weeks, I'm definitely happy to report the thing I'm most proud of is that I pooped in Uruguay.
It's coming along...put out an EP a little while back (just some acoustic tracks), and working up some new songs for another...
Evidently Aaron Sorkin (screenwriter for The Social Network and The West Wing) has agreed to write the new Steve Jobs movie
#DavidFreese and #AllenCraig for and , throw in Ryan Howard for all I care...let's make it happen
"You'll not change urself 4 anyone...!! BUT you wil be automatically changed when you are addicted towards someone!".....<U+2665>
Any music that just MADE you listen recently? Open to all likes here!
whenever we are having a fucked up day at the office..gonna think about this day..and the groove we had w our fellow #craftbeer lovers
be confident; but be real...
Do you live in the district that you want to represent? We can ask every day until nov. if you want.
These words you are saying; I know them and I didn't even have to look them up first. :P
now begins another marathon broadcast day for Entercom Communications stations in the Central Time Zone :>)
Or Aaron loves Angela?
#Flyers have a smooth road to the Eastern Conference Finals. NJ or FLA in round 2.
I have seen a lot of crazy people in SF, but I think I am just saw the craziest one yet...
I dont wanna be at work right now.
RT : RT : We want to hear from you! Share your #smallbiz story with us by entering the #SBW2012 video contest:...
The panel has concluded.
my brother is getting me fucking tight like really dont get all up on my friends like that
Chuck E cheese : (
Apple announcements: the bigger the hype, the less they changed.
ice skating with the best friend, shelby :))
even though i didnt admit it today always makes me feel better when i'm sad... i luv tht girl :D
Where is the sun?
I remember I cried when I saw Veil of Maya. Then I passed out from dehydration then awoke shortly and started dropping bodies.
You are awesome. Thank you for the RT
I am hip
#teenwolf fans who's ready for Teen Wolf tonight????
Ok, is that snow flurries I see?
You think Chael will taken down Silva? Does the winner get Jones next?
if you feel like a loser just remember one thing.. you were the sperm that one the race that really counts
end of regulation time in game three - for the third consecutive series the sharks go into overtime in game 3... lucky threes!
have u tried vistaprints?
Parking passes are up but yet Press Reg still isn't... What is up with that ???
Sometimes the journey is the best part
I'm gonna look into it
Check us on Jay Leno tonite! RGExperiment
Comcast profit jumps 30%, with mixed results at NBCUniversal
I can't wait to see Men in Black 3
ugh thank god
Right! I could get my family doctor to say anything to back in the day...shameful!
Just one of those days.......
Who needs an alarm. The birds seem to be right outside my window.
Gonna be a long day on the job today..but worth it!
How about shopping for sex toys instead?
Its finna b hot as hell
It's Wednesday ! Have a fantastic day!!!
My neighbor is trying to get me to go to his gym....its as if hes calling me fat hahHhaha wtf.
Happy Friday! Buy one Egg McMuffin and get another for FREE!
dang. mark your calendar for March 8th :)
Do you mind if I join the fight?
seems like a nice enough fellow.
indeed I should.
I may just have to stop in sometime this weekend. Thanks for the welcoming.
Early zoo at the with Fitting isn't it?! Cheetahs and flamingos!
RT : So afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose. Clinging to a past that doesn't let me chose. - Sarah McLachlan
..who's your tour manager??
oh forsureee well let me know when you'll be this way and we can set something up.. I'll draw you up something nice
Jamila's here.
Go on fb , it's better .
I came, I saw, then I cleaned it up.
yeah they hit on me too.
yea i kno . I see johnny gonna go live up there !
check out as well. Offers more opportunities to earn money by taking photos of place :)
Claiborne's low Wonderlic score scared teams away from him. The CB said he only answered 15 to 18 questions on the 50-question test.
That's right! I couldn't remember - There were recent grads who took the trip too :) It was a pretty cool event
Doesn't it? Made me hungry!
Who's who? Where's Waldo?
Have a blast tonight in Shelbyville #Indiana! Two can see a double-feature with popcorn and soft drinks at the Strand Theatre for only $15!
Go time.
: gah! love you're #Glee version of #Savingallmyloveforyou tell #RyanMurphy to give you more songs... #justsayin ^_^
Sunshine is nice! Cheers!!! RT Can it get any better mayb if it was a little warmer
Let's all enact a plan to insure a #HappyandProsperousNewYear! Bring it on. ... 2012!
Most people are fake but that's okay because I liked playing with Barbies as a child, this should essentially be the same thing.
My dad told me UPS and DHL were hiring warehouse positions in NKY but I can't seem to find anything about it. Anyone know anything?
Broken Phone.
No goalies on the board huh?
It's good to see Microsoft campaign case studies that finally include some data beyond no. of impressions. Customer voice....
where yo phone ?
Andrew ( ) is behind the bar enjoying a Strongbow and pouring shots. He also is serving EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9.
they are so simple ,
It's counterintuitive, but I appear to have less cervical pain the more I play golf. Can I start deducting my rounds as legit med expenses?
Does that mean u had respect for it at one point?
All females wanna good nigga, some betta get em while there around fo they miss out on happiness
make it a vampire baby, because we also hate twilight.
nope didn't get into AZ. Thinking about Louisville but want to talk to you first week of December.
Whoa ; 6 Miles sounds awfully sweet! Congrats and enjoy!
T-CAP...I should be taking C-CAP!
i love how people call u bieber its kinda funny.
aww that's exciting!! Are u here for the weekend? Aww I wish I could see you too I'm leaving for nova soon
I've been ruined forever when I read "milkshake" because of kelis' song. The chorus is now stuck in my head!
If you go to the appleinsider (.com) you can find out about a lot of the new stuff going on with Apple and their competition.
"Home is not where you live, but where they understand you."
we are called to patient endurance
With Pleasure Aaron. Out looking at flowers.
Read the entire Belgardiad series (David Eddings) on flights to and from Dublin. It owes large amounts to LOTR, but enjoyable nonetheless.
Quick update for my #Chicago followers: #Bulls up 74-52 on the Cavs midway through 3rd quarter
It's almost comical how many people are upset OV likely won't have a hearing. Give me a break. Seriously.
I'm wearing a tank top, sweater AND hoodie sweatshirt. More cowbell won't cure this fever. Two more sales. Then I can sleep.
Hi my lovebugs!! Miss u more gorgeous girl!!! Hope ur well!! xoxoxoxxoxoxo <3
There are no rules when it comes to love; I just let love surprise me!
Woo! The Blackhawks made my day! Just found out I won the Dave Bolland bobblehead! Thanks again guys :)
Congrats on your retirement.
aha you know better trickka
aw well im glad your better!(: im just sitting in english class :/
99 days until
I hate world history wit mr burney .
miss those lonely stoner nights. . .
Ahh.. Well, you're talking to someone who was terrified by a chipmunk at #Yaddo . #TotalCityGirl Can't wait for #Djerassi tho!
Viva #Mexico y La Batalla De Puebla. #Taco De Mayo! Come get your Mexican fix with us!
Touchdown Green Bay!!!
thanks man happy you like it I'm going to try to realy push my self this year
so confused right now. But still love you and all of your random tweets ;)
Show Tonight at THE GRAPE ROOM in Manayunk. 105 Grape Street, Doors at 7, $7.
<U+201C>The object of Art is to give life a shape.<U+201D> <U+2015> William Shakespeare
hey sweetie how your day today it's raning down here even the way yoou look you could make the be better buy looking at your pic
*runs in slow motion* no *jumps on to the pancake* I just saved your life! now get the Kings to sign me
which thunderbird are you playing at?
thank you!
PUT ME N THE LOOP BADNEWZ FT DRUGZ PRODUCE BY THE PRODUCER .......FIRE LOOPY IF U AINT HEAR THIS THEN U AINT IN THE LOOP!
just breathe you got this
My husband would probably agree about the golf, but I've seen him eat haggis batter-dipped, deep-fried, on pizza.
I can just picture WWE '13 right now; the object of the game will be to get your Superstar to trend Worldwide on Twitter.
We could incorporate dusting into Jules's first birthday party. Party favor is a new dust rag.
working out is for pus# Retard strength is all I need. 3 days at the gym a week supplies me this...
Mighty Shock Performance, SD Magazine 30th Year Gala - at the Bali Hai Restaurant
be careful
Next week is bike to work week! Watch for our demo rack out & Look for more locations and more info starting Monday!
Headed to West Town :)
RT : Tonight 7PM ET on : 21 Jump Street's in studio! Plus, the best app for this St Paddy's Day pub-crawl !
Great morning Friday ! Be great , stay classy and....laugh your arses off my friends
Think I need to call it a nite too. Chased a lot of squirrels today. *Yawn* Great #petchat tonight! Thanks !
Ah, wtf I had a HUGE typo in my first tweet -_-
<U+201C>: Home alone fuck a McCauley culkin<U+201D> that's the best time, when you're home alone
Conquered two fears today: tarantulas & diving head first in the water from 20+ feet up. Erasing a fear feels more cleansing than I expected
THAT MADE MY DAY LOL.
#Austin Nothing to Ask?
Thanks for playin
- #hater. - #notahater ..... Have a nice day ladies, I need to tan.
I really love this new song from Anthony Brown. I feel like I heard on it. I didnt make that up did I? Lol <U+0001F60F>
Eating donuts and drinking coffee with the other "Squat and Gobbles" sitting at the donut store counter.
Hahaha, I have the running ability of a sloth with four broken legs. Well..hopefully a little better than that, hah.
I just did like minutes ago. Maybe I typed your email wrong hold on
Generations inform our frame of reference" "technology (as a word) has no meaning"
Bourne: IRs are too institutional. Need to focus on sharing between institutions and act collectively.
Blowjobs are like family, your always mad when they cum...
Like, did you even have ur smartphone w/ 3 different twitter apps? Don't hide that in a bush it belongs in your hand. Always.
Wishing all of you a healthy, happy and successful Tuesday.
do u love us new York fans? Come on go crazy lol
I fucken swear I just wanna punch the fuck out of you!
Hey your live feed of US Open on Time Warner in NYC is unwatchable. Looks like a reel to reel home movie. What up?!
Tomorrow going back in the studio, let's get the creativity back out:-)
Insane that there were flurries at Snoqualmie today too! it's a temperature roller coaster
I do what I can.
Dominion Virginia crews say they are investigating cause of outage which began at approx 5am this morning. 2500 without power now.
i feel so singled out on this UK and US Directioners thing drama, im glad that other Directions dont have this problem
3 important days in life: the day I was born, the day you were born, the day when "I" and "You" become "We"
have mercy. We can't hang out I'm gaining weight.
RT : I love seeing all the cool #art at my school. It's so cool that people my age made this @ Las Vegas Academy...
thank you very much!(:
Yes! RT : Just got some awesome stuff from Nate Robinson and Isaiah Thomas for our Portage Bay Cafe Fundraiser! Yay!
Best Animated Short Film goes to Fantastic Flying Books :)
Eating pizza at Beverly Center next to Scott what's his name music producer in recent financial trouble. Seems nice enough.
See I had to remind you.. the hard way. :)
I don't know? What? RT : What in God's name just happened in Cleveland?
Good morning friends
I think I need to change my Twitter Username, again. ChirpTwerp is more appropriate for what I talk about on Twitter & of course, Follow Me!
thinkin about hittin this #Braves #VSUAlumni night :) anyone else??
Getting your life together is easier said than done. YIKES!
Today is ridiculously beautiful
so when is the new contract party in AZ?
i'll trade ya lol i got my first one at 16, that also included drivers school for -> 4 very long hrs...
Guess it's not the day for my jib test :) MT : Heavy winds...Gusts up to 30...storm sails or keel mercs. Bring a change of clothes.
wish I could be on #TopChef so I could try all the yummy looking food... time for a #TopChef Atlanta!
to focus on my grades.
Finished Chess Pie- anyone w questions it is the easiest pie to make- Just let me know!! No joke but "Easy As PIE"!!!! Happy Thanksgiving!!
Watch Troma OnDemand on Comcast! New movies every Month If you don't have Troma Ondemand on Comcast in your Area, Call Comcast and Demand i
HAHAHA, love that! <333 How funny, cause some girl in my math class who's on the team said they were gonna win2day. Lmfaoo .
Why must Good Burger be on at a time like this? I can't not watch it
I'll take it!
are you okay? D:
There's an apartment complex on Park Ave near George Flagg Pkwy. They take pets. Good Luck! :-)
congratulations and welcome to the family!
hell yeah!
Of course - and I knew that! What can I say - foiled by a typo.
Hey Hey long time no talk but always keeping up with u !!! Let's catch up soon.......
What sayeth the DSM IV about that?
Hopefully meeting & the rest of one week before my 19th birthday #Novemberhurryupplease!! :D
That's so exciting! :)
I think im going to bed. Night
That played out pretty much exactly as I had feared it would. Still, nice, and unexpected, run
THERE SHOWING A MOVIE ON MTV AM I ON THE RIGHT CHANNEL?! WUT
The wise saying...changes lives...
#lrnchat are we back to sage on the stage Vs guide on the side Vs no guide and a very sketchy map?
its great I miss the really young cody ;)
DISCLAIMER: the views expressed by and his "quintonisms" r solely his. although if you knew quintin, u would share his view too
why was orabrush video so successful? good length, funny, fast moving, educational, call to action.
MANS WORSE ENEMIES ASSUMPTION AND PERCEPTION WE AS HUMANS ALWAYS ASSUMING AND PERCEIVING THINGS WRONG OR DIFFERENT THEN THEY REALLY R.
some shit is about to go down.
I have tickets to your 2013 tour!!!! Im so excited!
The pain of not being the mayor of Most visit more often.
are you sure?
Hail and thunderstorm...in Sacramento? Yes and it's awesome!
Riding a bike for the first time in ~5 years.
zOMG. Just realized lead singer of Alabama Shakes is a lady. Love them more.
vodka and NFL gameday final here at the Johnson household. Merry Christmas and another Happy bear beatdown!
What one word comes to mind when you think of Coop's BBQ? RT Heaven.
Kyleigh&#39;s Story - Easter Egg Roll
I wish I had known about this earlier this week. I would have made sure my schedule was clear.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot
Oh Arizona...how i loath you to book...
Give compliments! Let's change the culture of insult.
So does that mean you won't kiss a lady with lipstick? LOL
I could go for a BLL right now!
Its sad to see the pregnant girls say.. "the only man i need in my life is my son" you said YOLO he said YOYOB <U+0001F44E>
People who I appreciate!
Hey there!
im pretty far away but i took some and some videos :)
Keep my posted. This is super exciting and it's already my kind of place!
John James he just had a real bad accident and was in the hospital for months. Sorry to hear about your friend John.
Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose. #fearthebeer 7-6 bottom of 9th.
Obvi. You didn't have to tell me that. RT My grandmama is a gangsta!
good grief Sarah, if you only knew the inferiority complex ppl in MKE & WI already have about that.
no problem :D
RT Use all mechanisms at your disposal. Don't just post vids on YouTube, add links 2 FB & Twitter, etc. -
: Can someone please tell me as to why we are buying a Hot Air Balloon next weekend?
Thanks pal! Its good to be a 30 something
How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it. ~Robert Brault
this Sunday billboard awards. Don't forget.
Swords and knitting. My perfect book!
hmm I'll look it up
AM actor and producer, one short and feature under the belt more to follow. Advice?
Not sure what the issue was with my laptop, but my web page for class is working fine. Now to worry about Thursday's quiz!
Looking forward to the new year! We will be launching one of the greatest churches that this area has ever seen. Hope Ya'll ready!!
Hate when I shower after the gym & my towel is still damp from the am
What is the new project?
Finished my BS & am working now. It's just a long term temp gig but a good oppty that will hopefully lead 2 FT work. You?
whoa whoa when d'f did that shit happen?
very freaking irritated right about now about to just SCREAM!!!!!
I wonder when Las Vegas will be back to full Las Vegas again.
How did that North Shore Connector work out for everybody today?
bummer to be
Textbook use increases with grade level; standardized test scores decrease by grade level with increased text use
New quote from head coach: bouting is where you are today; drilling is where you want to be tomorrow.
Hey tweeps? What's the best #iPhone #prank #app?
Thanks!! We're having fun!!
Read your DM's.
I just shit a foot long turd.
Yeah, that would be maddening. My profs never had tests. All our grading was based on attendance and hw.
I always preferred Lewis Black's "Jesus Christ on a crutch!"
excited to finally be in Austin, it's been awhile.
RT Microformats -the only way I've found to unify any large amount of leg. data. Too many corner cases to use a traditional schema
yea why?
that's what I'm saying haha
And recognize on X. Always a sweet 16 threat. That brawl really shook them till now. & IMO A10 > meac, caa, patriot leagues of the world.
...and eggs are NOT spheres! :)
"troupes" is mildly amusing, the other two not so much
Helena Beat is sampled from Ratatat right??? I think I just noticed that today.
Going to the Magedom of Janam
LMAOOOOOOO ... No arguments here on that one ... lol, He kicks ass though!
so sorry but the motorcade'll have to go around me this time
Tomorrow is my birthday! :) could I please get a shout out? xx
#ineedtostop trusting others, because so far, no one has been reliable, thus killing the little faith i DID have in people...
Cmon facebook try to not be exactly like twitter
Bing Bang Boom!...
Late night with a few of my fav people. Can't conplain
I gave you my number at railsconf but you never called.
<U+201C>: Humbeled Just received the Breaking Barriers Award at Thurgood Marshall college friend award 2011<U+201D> u knw some1 named humbled?
I'm managing that campaign. It's hard work but somebody's gotta do it.
Getting ready to party tomorrow night - everyone have a tasty NYE! Stay safe!
Going to the mall today!!:)
please provide facts of what jobs its destroying, not just a placating political statement.
|#quotes You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy - Helen Hayes (at 73)
yea I understand that
thanks, I'm already a co-sponsor!
Shut Up...LbVVVs
Tonight 6pm LA time. Live SINGLE CHEF Spaghetti & Meatballs. Fast & furious live cooking done simply 4 U!! www.theroomlive.com Best! Matt
AoM, best site ever! Keep up the great work!
#top10Lies I don't like that kinky stuff.
C.C. Pick up that guitar and talk to me.
GO TO SLEEP.
SO TRUE MRS BOSH
Good Morning, now that was the best sleep I had in a long time. What up #PackerNation. Blessings to all my followers.
this TUESDAY at 8PM! FREE TIX MESSAGE ME!
Everybody follow he can school you on this HipHop game plus he's a great producer and engineer. Highly recommended.
no shoot i'm always down to bowl. yes i will hit you up when i'm back obvi
#SomeoneIWantToMeet The Boys, all of my followers, and people I follow. LLN :D Yall are great!
electrical system ground-out!
hey C:
completed Chapter 6 in
Another 2000th tweet dedication to for being such a sweet friend and letting me borrow 4 seasons of friends!!!
One of my favorite quotes is by "U win some & you lose some. It's important to move on & focus on new goals down the road".
WSJ: Facebook's Wall Street Tour Kicks Off - Wall Street Journal
NO I'm DVR it cause I'm watching my Cowboys.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuh, I know I shudnt have gotten involved with u again....
Demands??????? Better to eliminate myself from the problem
Yes RT #mlamobiletech our IT prefer iOS over Android b/c there is too much variability w/n that OS for hosp security and support.
WHAT IS THIS SONG???
So inform me then.
Great, I'll test your "Arts: Join the Orgy" concept w my board next week: ) Seriously tho, thx 4 all u do 4 music & the
So many things! How are you? :) RT : what's good?!?
;n; BBY LOVE ME
It seems there's hot weather everywhere but Seattle, where we've got cooler than normal weather...
Please ignore any weird posts or messages .. My twitter was hacked ..
WHAT DAYS?!
Sammy: My parents are sending me to camp.Tammy: Why? Do you need a vacation?Sammy: No. They do!
come on... It's useful information!
Happy Mother's Day weekend!
Season passes please!
yes! Exactly what I was telling him. Next time we'll show him DC nightlife lol
Chocolate & beach blonde just don't mix on some females.
If strippers are now called exotic dancers then drug dealers should be called exotic pharmacist.
I just finished a 2.20 mi run with a time of 22:31 with Nike+ GPS.
Agreed #golions RT : Calvin Johnson is insane.
V.I.N.N.Y <U+2665> Do You want to be in my friends group for BORICUA BUDDIES pLEASE !! <U+2665> Only two of us and you <U+2665> PLEASE <U+2665>
no problem well im tony
Hot Beef Dependency Injection
Unsigned hype mixtape gunna be serious!!
More than that tongue that more hath more express'd..O, learn to read what silent love hath writ: To hear w eyes belongs to love's fine wit.
hella bomb day with chu ;D
Been traveling all day & my sister is late picking me up. Times like this I realize by being cheap I'm only getting ahead Enron style.
About to board flight home from #ala11 - sadly, couldn't get any of the restaurants to fit inside my luggage
my hip is feeling much better. thank God. but still painfull... But i can start ruling out arthritis. =D
@ vicki, it should be presumption of doubt
Thank you! RT : Awesome background.
Go suck a fat cock. I hate you.
Thanks for the RT!
Keep it coming guys! When should we give you a preview?
Walking and I feel like falling in a hole. Guess what finally kciked in
Very true!! I wish everyone could find this!
just got THE VOW <3 now im just waiting for SOMEONE to show up so we can watch it!!!! (:
LOL! I will have my own seamstress who sews my leather book covers onto my books printed on the finest parchment fabrics...
What should I ask this morning? He's mayor of Del Mar and wants to be the next SD County Supervisor
I'll be plastering pics everywhere. You won't be able to miss it if you just pop on fb or something. :P
Downtown LA.
no problem (: but we could just do it at school or something
Getting a late start to tweeting, but I'm here! First time ever I didn't get lost driving in Baltimore.
I wanna be the reason all women become obese because they get treated like shit so they eat away their sadness
I decided to change my twitter name. I needed something more professional. My new one is the same as my blog name so it works :)
Much needed time w #girlfriends! #love. Always sad to leave.
Um. This will be my last post. I got raptured, but God says I have to give up my iPhone. Apparently, you CAN'T take it with you!
Thank god for for calling out Felger for his crap and noticing how most of the media doesn't care about the C's.
Coffee is a broadly consumed beverage prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
best friend has 10 letters & so does lying bitch.
Dhhffhj RT : Like, if you having a get together under any other circumstance, 20/4 radio would be considered an utter failure.
What would help close the achievement gap. Stop having low expectations and champion high achievement.
hope all is well, have an outstanding weekend!
- thanks for the Tall trees of Tokyo #kickstarter mention!
Thanks, J.B.!
trutv upfronts - "upload with shaquille o'neal," a show where o'neal and friends discuss and make viral videos.
OLIVE YOU TOO BEBE:* lmfao oh jesus we need another sleepover ahhhahaa
I've been to a few (American and Scotch in the fall). They're good. Ticket gets you a lot of whiskey pours & hors d'oeuvres.
Looking for cash to manage your company? Look no further than factoring your accounts receivables!
que paso?
A nice piece, congratulations!
omg Anna. Hahahahahahahaha. That's nasty!
I get to see u in 80 days ! I'm super excited :) can't wait to see u in Indy ;)
You make all the confusion go away...
Knew you would. :D
in New Jersey
i just told my sister i got a tattoo.
It's Trivia Tuesday! Where was the world's first paper money used (what country) & in what century??
text me back! :) please!
guess they are paying attention... watching... my life is a film...
Haters will talk shit but wanna be where I sit, so lames can envy because I am the top bitch.
You bet! stop by and we will show you the EZ play method
I don't think I've ever been so excited for UCLA vs. Rice or UMASS vs. UCONN...
Blood Red Wine from Slayer (Wine Spectator) Plus, a Eurythmics-Mollydooker collaboration, House Band eco-packaged wine for festivals and
buy an island
We are a Real Estate Investment Company
bmore guy to bmore guy what do you think about the ravens taking Phillip Henry c baylor at pick 98?
no sarcasm! it's a really cute memory. :)
Focus Group this Wednesday. Looking for Males and Females 18-30 who own a cellphone. Group lasts 1 1/2 hours and pays $85.
U live in Sweden
Most impressive thing about this Dodger team is will to fight back. They wear other teams down and never show signs of giving up.
Now #Pinterest is everywhere. How do you get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips]
Gosh everyone is yelling at me and being mad at me, i cant handle this anymore, just need someone to talk to.
happy mothers day to my mom up in heaven . i know she mad at me cause i aint finish school but im going to college to change all that love u
looks like something Jean would eat.. LOL
One time I dropped a glass in the disposal and found the most effective solution to be just grinding it up until it went away
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
why are so many penis topics trending?
#TweetWhereYouEat during today! You could win dinner for two at Firefly. Include #doldc to be eligible.
Is the GitHub repo for the html5 boilerplate down for everyone, or just me?
Officially so over the Kardashians...
Hey Girl! I see we both modeled for WSI womens/ HeatR wear! Small World! Hope you are doing well :)
thanks! I'll let you know what we end up planning!
"Accidentally retweeting" bs.
I love It when I feel you near, though you're miles away.
Q3. I think the more we collaborate, guest post on each others blogs etc<U+2026>the better off we will all be!
Dressed for success.
I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything
My copy of 's book One Day It'll All Make Sense is in!
Heading to downtown for pre-BASHH dinner. Hope there will be parking available.
AWESOME!! MT <U+201C>: Thought u'd like to know received 2nd place metal from 2nd for team" cc
Are you ok dear, I am sorry for those that lost family in the earthquake. My prayers go out to them.
got a meeting at 3 and dont kno where it is smh
Does Tim Tebow play baseball?
#8 mile, always a winner, no matter how mamy times ivr seen it c:
"@ your library" program at IFLA. Learn what Argentina, Taiwan and Barbados are doing to promote libraries. Rm 209, 16:00-18:00
Shootingthe w/ whole WE THE BEST TEAM .. U better know who I'm talkin about =) in the building
The comments on said article rightly called out the author for being a moron who doesn't pay attention and is years behind the rest of us.
Nice...and true.
Sad. Hope you feel better. RT : Sick in a hotel room.
www.mikedote.com . Let me know what you think.
My kiddo rode her bike 3 miles today -- can't say that the allure of treats at Sticky Fingers vegan bakery wasn't motivation! :)
Is there any way to stream the 3000m SC coming up in about an hour?
a kim stan they didn't have nothing to say! They know nicki whack and had nothing to say to defend her
Woo hoo! Printable Evanced calendars are possible in Drupal.
I want bbq chicken this summer :) hook me up
there's some concern with my IT group regarding what data do you synchronize "in the cloud". Could you clarify? more specifically
ahhaaha yeah... I am lol I love helping people, meeting new people and seeing impacts I can make.
I'm not bitter, but for the sake of efficiency, Purdue needs a better way to judge whether the foreign students can speak English or not.
LOGO turtle shoutout!
A dream is an answer to a question we haven't learned how to ask......(Scully...X-Files)
chillin B! What's good?
Is Bertrand wearing white flip/flops as part of the Coyotes white-out?
get it green for a day!
Group 7, Citizen Engagement and Neighborhoods: social media personalizes citizen participation and the way people experience...
RT : I am ready for the next #teenhoot (:
we are glad to hear you like our place :)
I need to stand side by side with my wife for you to see mine. It takes two pairs of buttocks.
totally terrible - do you know who they are using to stream?
no!! It would be miserable with you
please follow me so I can reply to ur message
Great weekend at Officer Training! Now it's back to the grind before Thanksgiving in two days! Two tests stand in my way!
Do you think #Facebook's purchase of #Instagram means that there will be no more "Share to #Twitter" feature?
tell the boys I miss them!
Peach Cutoff and redbull... Yeah... I think I got a new drank. This shit good AF....
they are definitely overpriced. I didn't know you cant set the optimal power, that's just silly
is great to follow - very active in the Twitter sphere
You're not alone, friend!
whos going to the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix Arizona? I'm planning to. :)
My apologies. 10 seconds off of the 18th.
Nice to hear the pharmacy was a welcome reminder. Thanks for sharing your memory of Jack!
I have been napping way too much :c
welcome to twitter! ;)
Thanks for the RT and yet 1 more kick ass #FormulaDrift live stream
Facebook & Tumblr i need to use you both more often : /
Ryan Good Has Swag <33
ERGO Baby Organic Carrier Petunia Pickle Bottom - Peaceful ...
Theres a guy walking outside my window singing love songs...
That is a really great
It is officially the weekend!Today's drink is the Spanish Mocha...vanilla and cinnamon, sounds good to us :)
Money from strangers!
My 6yo to me today: "Papi you smell sweaty b/c you are sweaty."
Bad news first... Nashville is a No. :(
can't say i do either, It's definitely a spectacle!
#ThirstyThursday Try to get your hands on Chateau Lafite 1787, once owned by Jefferson--his initials are etched on it. $160K
If money cant buy me happiness why is it one of the few things that make me happy?
Welcomes Jennifer Gelber to the Advisory Board!
I'm working on a tour that buys back textbooks from college kids. So I'll be at U of A all weekend!
All #Fireballs!! CVP reopened !!
what you doing after school
me sorry been mad all day long.i will thou.
RT : It's in #downtownlv ... Party Arty, Las Vegas!
Snow in DC, if only a very little
And we meant every word. Can't wait to see what you come up with next :)
Ahh yes. I'm a bad citizen tonight.
enjoying a day off with the dogs... tomorrow, Seattle to Kelso, baby...
<U+201C> Yall don't know how bad im ready for November 21st to be here...<U+201D>what's that
Today is the day that the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it because it is Valentine Day where us the love
sounds about right
<U+201C>: Says a lot when you don't have to dance and go all over the stage and captivate an audience Pure Talent<U+201D>
Johnny Wander by and is very good.
Thank you! Please send us an email at
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 15
SEO'ers , ,a Silicon Research Lab , and med COO - Thanks for the follow!
Fantastic! RT : I will be there!
#hatcat is almost at one million views. One. Million. Views.
YAYYYY!!! RT : Passed the Series 3! Officially a commodity futures broker :)
Dammit! I missed Nerd Prom. Anyone know when it will be re-aired? I wanna see POTUS stand-up!
Thanks for the follow Kellie, have a good day training.
"I'm running to support the middle class" when even the wealthy consider themselves middle class.
right here!
Right on! Was curious 'cause I'm heading down in June after the Finals.
Old guys lie to the younger guys about some strange colored weed they got from a "white dude" from alaska.
You won the Kilker.
#IWishYouKnew ME! Until then....stop talking! #bam <U+0001F633>
I CAN'T WAIT! #giddy schoolgirl RT: : A day and a half!
same here. I get all sad. :( I wish we could do something to help.
corinna bringing out my happy side right now c: <3
hook office still smells of raw sewage. sniffing sharpees to stay alive. #isit5PMyet?
Has Hollywood learned nothing from "Snakes on a Plane"?
Um ru kidding me?!?!?
#Nowplaying space bound * eminem
You need two people in a car to maneuver in Chicago traffic!!!!!#
Centrum Gala Dinner and Auction will take place Saturday Oct 16- at Fort Worden Commons. Contact- . www.centrum.org
this is actually the first movie i have ever seen in 3D I am in the theater tripping lol
This is where I belong
Thank you for the mention!
hope u can join us at
Looking at me now, I can see my past, Damn, I look just like my fucking Dad
photo shoot today with
If you stick with the people you always hang with then there will be no misunderstanding.
numbers:i like 33 question:do u have a question? lastname:mine is diaz
Never hate people wha are jealous of you but respect their jealousy they're there people who think you're better than them
i think the bright light was a joke or a car bomb or something like that or ufo
<3 you Jen! And ps Bianca wins her title back because she is making me homemade cookies. She's so domestic:)
What is the Matrix of God?
Take care of your body. It<U+2019>s the only place you have to live. <U+2013> JimRohn
<U+201C>: I'm starting to think Gallo is a perimeter Nene. #Nuggets #NBAPlayoffs #PassiveAndSoft<U+201D> lol was just thinking this
okay fair enough
Fuckin up my Kidneys...
lol Hell Naw!! I love my Home Town (Chi)!!!where u been
#Don'tBeScared To Trend #Don'tBeScared To Number 1!
you feel me tho , it goes for the ladiess & niggas
.it correct to me hire always can you but !folks ,difference a is there .interchangeably "enable" and "allow" use people many
It's only 8:30 over here. But thanks for the concern :)
Spent the weekend skiing in Vermouth.
I usually estimate between 90 and 100 per mile for me. This makes me sad.
Mechanized mind becomes associated with "Oriental" lax-ness, esp. vis-a-vis automaton chess player figured as the Turk.
Double hands up!
Got free beats for you IMA BEAST WIT IT for the love of Philly i dig what u do keep it up......
don't say "donut" around Brodeur.
I hate when people say they grown but beefin over twitter and facebook. Sit yo "grown" ass down!
Was pleased to be with the Chas West Lions Club last nite which meets at Harding's at Mink Shoals Exit 1, I-79
Onto some #Baseball #WinterMeetings start December 5th, again if you have a question on #FantasyFootball will be answering up til 1:00PM EST
You are most welcome. What a powerful read! Very tough to read as parent, but very well done.
Ahaha i was listenin to sing... and my mom was like what do he know about love... nuthin.. thats y he sing popcorn love.. lol
not in the best mood
Cville Comedy this week- The Southern on Tuesday, The Lunchbox on Friday. 9pm no cover
Maddison harrison is trying to scream in a band.................. Hahahahahahaha
how much u guys paying poker prop players
I love backwards down the number line
your very cute and adorable
Same here, only because mine lost #AGiftedMan & #Alcatraz (w #BodyOfProof, #Unforgettable & CSI Miami/NY still on bubble)
alright good!
Make me
Welcome. Glad you attended.
like 2 years ago? ;)
If I am your mirror you see yourself in me We have always been in love its easy unbridled with two hearts so free
Wow this weather is amazing Boston!! What's everyone been up to?
email - nathanonearth at g mail dot com
About to grub out on some great food from Although they are out of carnitas, which is a bit of a bummer.
Great article. I am a big offender...oops
"...This should be open, because its civil rights. This is the 90's".
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Remember tomorrow's attire! Boys: red shirts. Girls: Pink shirts. Jeans, sneakers, or crocs. Nothing tight or open toed!
have a safe and fun trip!
"for a technology it's age" was the important caveat. It's early days for #semweb and it will improve with more work
Younow with and ?? I think yes!!!(: Best part of my Monday's<33 Come watch in 10 minutes!!
I hear you! Thanks for the folo
's LIVE shots on today looked awesome! Crazy fun!!
Pickle pig feet doee :-)
Thanks for the shoutout! Loving the conference. Coming to South Africa in the summer (november)
Beliebers Hunger For Jerry!
Soundtrack for madden 13 done.... songs picked yet ?
I'd like to be everything you want
it will, because it always does...
Welcome to Twitter Jane. I'm having a great time here in Ocala working for Lonny. Good the last few days
APD shot another dog? Dogs bark when they are scared why cant the officers taze the dog why shoot to kill? I think they need Cesar Milan !!!
What I'm wearing for the #Oscars? A plastic shower curtain and wool cap. Problem?
let's do 5:30 then. I'd like to get there at 7.
2 Riot cop trucks just passed, headed south on naito, fully loaded
I have not heard that- if the demand was prosecuted aka jail time the supply wouldn't be needed...
Time for some much needed practice and recording today :)
IMO poor on uthoff to say "I wanna transfer" with no explanation to a coach/team who wasted time on him, that's what Bo seems to want
you were the weird one, i was just busy sleeping & your <U+0001F452>
Feelin those t shirts. Gotta have sum Yeap
you sure can say all. We can call it an 11 flavor tie!
I got two calls right after I tweeted this
Welcome to our newest team member Sadie!! Sadie comes with years of experience! She is looking forward to meeting you!!
You know your bored when your playing scramble with cheez- itz and playing temple run
Today. Yesterday. Yesteryear. Goodyear. Goodrich. Richie Rich. What's it all mean, really?
Stay tuned for an announcement of an upcoming open house.
Where are all the smoothies in LA?!
hey how have you been haven't talked to you in awhile!
thank you Shuga!
Mike Hall's gig as studio host for the Big Ten Network probably isn't his Dream Job.
from checking in at dog friendly spots (dropped dogs off )
not sure if this has been asked before so I apologize before hand. If Sulu was gay who would he Fuck, Marry, & Fuck somemore
things are looking promising for intros 434 and 435 which would reduce fines for admin violations from $1k to $250
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
nice! I had to get my own coffee today. Ugh.
"Whip! Turn! Tuck! Don't kick out." I should teach dance professionally.
FYI: "fast" is only a good attribute for a NASCAR bio
raw fish + rice + knife?
#Kings in the Western Conference Finals. No one cares in LA because the #LAKERS are playing tonight.
you can trust me woooohooo
On the road to Colgate for the hockey games, Soul Man & Gimme Some Lovin' both came on the radio.
Slapping myself everytime I say like
Just because im nice to u n like to kick it with u dont mean i want to fuk u!
It hurt so bad! Then, he just wouldn't cut me, & id get stuck on his socks. :( I'm so glad he takes better care of me now!
Excited about tomorrow!!! Brand new new line Silverflower Jewelry Designs and new restocks from Ttereve <3
- Good morning you guys =')
yes, you are that much closer to becoming a domulebrity! did you enter?
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." ~ Charles Horton Cooley
treat siri just like , just remember how far superior you are.
People Who Wait Till The End Of The Year To Act Hard<<
The last few weeks 1 question keeps coming up "how do I print the online authorization form"? Answer it's electronic no printing needed.
You might as well go get your pro time in now while you're up!
did you go into Posh next door? such an adorable store... I wanted to buy everything, but showed some restraint!
We LISTEN & then help you get started w/correct, affordable, durable screen printing equip. & accessories. #CAPS Flash; #CAPS Bench printer
Now tone I know u aint just figurin that out:) ": This rap game Fuckedup"
;) gotta show love ya know?! Rockin my #GoHardorStaySoft band with my Mile High tee #unstoppable LOL!
How about we stop pretending and start telling each other how we really feel?
Can't wait to see it! Fittin' to go alone if my friends don't get it together. Congratulations!
Lol its all good. imma just burn they asses like they did my ancestors Haha
Missing #TBBT finale.... Life sucks
Thanks. So did you see the pic with you me and Ravi????
oh my gosh. i just realized you followed me yesterdday <U+2665>.<U+2665>
"Who could stop me? Do the things that you think are important to be done" explains her confidence
he just said 100 a piece
that'd be quite the show!
My daughter is a cat again. Sigh.
its on amazon and itunes.
CATS! No doubt. Title No.8. Haters - shhhhhhhh. It's Title Night. Yeah yeah yeah.
knew you would get a kick out of it.
just told us to follow so we did :) You guys should follow him too . Let him know that sent you
The #triathlon was terrible.
Beware of Liberty..up and coming program off to slow start..those teams are always dangerous late imo!
i dont wanna get braces :/
sometimes when i'm bored i like to curl up on the kitchen floor and pretend i'm a crumb
trying stutter edit out on our tracks is like seeing new colors
Hell hath frozen over. RT : Pau Gasol: Buzzer Beater.
I love it when my dentist give me a sticker. Yaay.
Kiss 108 just called and told me I won tickets to Crooked Arrows but I can't make it! I don't even recall entering but I feel special.
Just saw myself in the mirror. Man, I LOOK tired as hell. I gotta be better about sleeping.
Whoo hoo! Just found out that tonight's #H50 is a repeat of my episode. Powa Maka Moana! Look for the distraught parent!
nothing short of an addiction
SO fun having my girls and visit for lunch at & showing off the offices.
The pleasure is all mine! Congrats on the press and IFQ win!
follow back!
Thanks for the MT & tips!
yea same here
JR win win
I can be so harsh sometimes. Good thing I'm really sweet if I like you.
watching AMAS! crossing my fingers that wins the favorite tour headliner and favorite female artist! she already won one!
<U+201C>: Pictures on instagram & here ><U+201D>
Apparently Utah didn't get the memo.
- Hi RexaRae! I never got it....can you re-send it as a Twitter direct message? Thx!.....Lovin' your look btw... :)
adorable. her hair is getting so long. what are you two up to today? I'm at the Hynes for a sports conference.
Theres no sense in leading a person on if you already know it isnt going to work out.
you guys are precious. Buddha. It's what's for dinner.
#ICantRespectYouIf you talk trash on
are you at your show tonight?
RT if music is the closest reiteration for this
#UHmbb Director of Basketball Operations Kerry Rup has left the program to become an assistant with
epic it shall be!
thanks u. Appreciate the follow. More to come.
93 % of patients say their dentist does not provide oral cancer exams; insist on this simple exam. Get well, stay well. www.closys.com
Only helps me plan my pie eating! RT I love my beautiful produce calendar. It helps me plan my pie baking.
Uh...I'm just really busy right now?
hehe haven't seen those. We did see the porridge house from 'Hooray for Love' and ate at a soup place that was used in a drama
RT : HUGE shout out to Jackie at the for all of the help today! Incredibly thankful 4 great customer service!...
...but sums up all cats' thoughts in a very hilarious way. I totally recommend everyone follow him.
you better believe once I get this unicorn MS sent off, imma taking you up on that offer! ;)
what up?
We are getting an exciting new shipment tomorrow...any guesses you may just get carried away!
adorable pics of peoples' dogs only serves to increase my impatience for March & my ETA (est time of adoption)
Wow. Seeing this news everywhere. Yes, this can spawn many stories.
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/Faelai
Lol iJust Chugged Syrup Out Of The Bottle Haha
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam. Tonight, thursday night, from 7 to 10.
No flowers needed. Just show someone how to make vinaigrette! :)
The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don<U+2019>t go back to sleep. (Rumi)
thats like mentoring
Dear #universe, I need two more hours to this day.
Listening to Gregoire Maret. Looking forward to seeing him perform at the Atlanta Jazz Festival later this month.
Nice 3 random Greek player.
just found out about bread pudding french toast. that sounds like something they serve in heaven.
I've read some shitty compilations of year-end lists from for a while now, but that was by far the shittiest.
My ringtone is still the Crispy Chicken cover version. I'm colored jonesin' outta style that fast.
#Huguely attorney: we have evidence the couple was friendly two days before Love's death.
She is so doable!.
the mclaughlin group could really benefit from the introduction of a talking stick
i remember one he should've had that was a crazy game
aka Dale Flattum, ultra/infra-designer, ex Steel Pool Bathtub, Milk Cult, etc only has 64 followers? Bad Twitter. FOLLOW!
sorry, it happens. ;)
Long time no talk. Hope you are well.
If Gaga owns Twitter, who owns Facebook?
: I might have an MFA, work in publishing, and teach college, but I will always back up somebody's right to like what they like.
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
I wish i was with you D:
I'd like to see the banana analogy and flying analogy as a measure of risk exposure when discussion of nuclear stuff
As water reflects the face, so one's life reflects the heart. (Proverbs 27:19 NIV)
Agree with you about #AmericanIdol. Hee Jun shouldn't be going on the tour or still on the stage. He's got the wrong attitude.
Sounds great. I love to experiment when baking too. Suspect it has a lot to do with wanting an excuse for my abundant sampling
Thanks for the RT! I hope you're having a great day. :)
I like that idea, because indeed, I did like your blog.
what I've been saying. Dude just needs to go away.
"These niggas hoes in designer clothes"
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others
thanks for thinking of us; we're quite modest in size; hope we can help...
Actually 8:40 now! <U+201C>: Editor will be on at 8:20, chatting Cinco de Mayo
BIG ups to all the moms out there today!!!!
RT : "'We're ride or die, they're ride or "like omg hi'"
Trying to download a QR Code Reader from #Google #Play but keep getting errors. Is it down?
#UofLKAIOS this Friday! Five Fraternities, ONE PARTY!!
MISS YOU TOO..
RT : Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit.
by seeing my shining face!
Join us at the for our Spring Opening from 6-9pm! Come see our exciting exhibitions and enjoy....some donuts.....!!!!
Thanks for following
I am a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy. - J. D. Salinger
SLEEP IS MINE!
Probably the best workout I've got all year running up and down South Limestone last night.
what's wrong?
Just waiting for a phone call.
Watching #educationnation chat on NBC news site. One huge problem: Teachers eat their own.
I needed wowza and apache to both listen on port 443, if you have them on two diff ports it will work on one ip
Last time I've been to the strip club in milwaukee .................. I'm still thinking about my answer it's been that long
Crafts galore this weekend in LA: &
So late to the party on this but Sale to the 'pen? If he's sore would rest not be better?
Sad day, hearing of Adam Yauch's passing. He was an incredibly kind and talented person. Prayers out to his many friends & family.
Daddy's (Liam) face. lol. he's hurt. joke. :)
Yeah right, Georges Perec. I barely poke holes into "the subject"
The weathers been real bipolar today.
"Success is achieved & maintained by those who try and keep trying." W Clement Stone
I am about to root my nook simple touch. You have no idea what I'm talking about, up here in the world at the end of time.
great show. Your supporting cast is awesome too.
okay why did & i just eat ALL the halloween candy? maybe i should go buy another bag, for the um...children?
This guy doing Britney is killin' me.
ever heard of sunscreen. .wow. #smartkid LOL
Health Tips: Cold pressed oils are better for you<U+2026>.unless you cook with them, then you are wasting your money
It's expensive, but worth it if you're self-employed.
Last time I was in the city this early was to take the GRE. Now I'm here for 1 of 3 school visits. It's a good feeling.
wake'em up then knock'em dead! Good luck on the presentation.
Propecia and weight loss | Shipped Worldwide.: Shipped Worldwide. Online drugstore: you pay for your health. Order online propecia Pr..
I didn't particularly enjoy art class in grade school, but I'm glad it was part of my education.
I don't know how to be a mean girl. Ugh. Love you to pieces <U+0001F49B>
he hears no longer bother, and said - and you'll be about ehm?
interesting site but should be called "what real (white) women look like"
VICTORY IS MINE :D
wow, donuts and Micky d's in one morning?
This RT : In honor of Dark Shadows coming out tomorrow I feel I should probably go see The Avengers again.
This!! RT : I just can't get into lil wayne.
Marlins Vs Mets ! Can't wait <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Thanks Mo. Will do. Hope something can get worked out.
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Did I mention that this is one of those books that I am SO EXCITED to put on my shelf because it & its package are just SO LOVELY?
thank you. :)
followed!!:D
at Alpine and at Tinley Park this summer?!? No need for Bonnaroo, music needs will be met thanks to !
Oh my god I'm always so fucking hungry.
Loving my caddy. Makes my desk look like a table at a Mexican or BBQ restaurant AND just kicked up my hard-boiled eggs a notch.
What's up!
Via October is Funding for the Arts Month! #FCArts #Arts - good reminder to support your local arts and artists!
Know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of pre-term or low birth weight babies? www.closys.com/research.html
RT : We have great happy hour specials until 6PM Milwaukee! Enjoy this great weather with a nice beer here at Mo's!
ooh, good call!
Bouts to get a new tatt pretty soon!
Well how is your twitter game today??
I hope everyone is enjoying their day off!! Happy Labor Day!!!!!
Eew that was rude. I just checked myself.
Sometimes I feel down... But then I see a guy bumping Warren G in a Walmart parking lot at midnight and feel so much better about myself
Congratulations to our March "GERMS of the Month"...Sophie Clark and Nathalie Lawyer. Thank you for all you do!
BRUH SOMEBODY SAID ON THE INTERNET.......I CANT GO TO HELL SATAN STILL GOT THAT RESTRAINING ORDER AGAINST ME........SMMFH
Like Lady Gaga I was born this way.
Well, I gained like 20 followers sense yesterday and I'm guessing from my tweets. They're GENIUS!!
and pizza doesn't count as a vegetable!
Survived that robbery attempt last nite Wtf where the kids parents be ?? Anyway didn't come out my shit but sumbody lost a toe ..
So glad San Diego is back up and running
way to go badgers <U+201C>: Huge win for UW men's soccer! Congrats boys...
My Instagram --> StevenZambito My other twitter -->
WE R DARING AND COOL AND ALL R JEALOUS
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: These mice only had 30% loss in GABA transmission, but this caused a multitude of psychiatric phenotypes.
Order sent to Randy in LA!
Aw , Well You Better BE LMFAO !
Woop that ass....
Congrats Dave-! You will 1 day have one leap completely out of the water (35+ inches) and your heart will jump outta your chest;)
The relaxing feeling of a great mani & pedi... Mommy TOTALLY deserved this!
: Everyone FREE All Night Long! This Thursday At #Bodi SEE U THERE!
200m ppl unemployed worldwide. No euro growth, export dependent=massive state job losses. Can't payback debt.
My bible study tonight is so amazing :] God always shows himself thru His word.
im on call of duty: mw2 getting it in on xbox live..
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery the has Nash and after that it's downhill
Wishing all our patients a spooktacular Halloween and safe Trick-or-Treating tonight!!
you're very welcome :-)
Also why are the Knicks are trending!? *Insert Yipes reference here*
iDefine has gone INTERNATIONAL! We've obtained our first sales out of both Japan and Australia!! Thanks for all the support.
don't ruin my day with this crap!
RT : Hugely enjoyed being on 's #ebksmt panel this morning -- thanks, all! #dpla Thank you!
Derek Beaulieu: "Louis writes. Susan writes. Nevel writes. I cannot write."
Give 'em a week
"Support for weekday mornings is made possible by coffee."
Looking forward to the Live Broadcast and the show Saturday Night
I recommend never watching Glee again.
Sigh. On Twitter for 5 minutes and already got some Apparently I can be my own boss! Good to be back.
YMCMB = Y'all Mad Cole Much Better >>>>>>>
Today is Senior Day, if you are 50 or better, join us today for $5 Free Play, a chance to win $100 an hour and $4.99 specials at TIWA
#GoTribe I roll with a tribe of demons.
Saw 's performance on 2 things: 1) Wrecking Ball is a damn good song. 2) Need to see the band in concert soon.
Bought decorations for my open house!
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories. Total burned so far: 441664 calories! on 4/29/12 at 12:30 PM
Go Librarians! RT<U+200F> Children's author Beverly Cleary (96 today!) says school librarian got her to love reading.
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum #FF also me
100% Anus Beef? Hardee's, that's a mighty important G to leave off on a billboard.
is a straight up hustler. That explains the track suit. Awesome.
I'm not on my period. I'm just weird...regardless.
let's go tomorrow!
I hope he gets some screen time soon. He's been pushed to the background for too long.
Sweet. If you come around #rva let me know. When is the album going to be released?
Super glad it's friday! What is everyone have planned for your 4th weekend?!
Apologies if I caused confusion on the OPDS thing.
ok let's do like 6
<U+201C>going from from "bae" to "hoe", "i love you" to "i hate you", "i need you" to "fuck yo ass", "you're my everything" to "you ain't shit" <<<U+201D>
#nw One Missed Call, creepiest movie ever<U+0001F631>
too cute!
we feel your tweeting and posting pain! keep at it!
And what was it for, the swimming pools The highways, the ballgames in the dusk On the battlefield A time we were so foolish and so young.
She sucks at sucking! lol
But yes, that's the basic premise. He has 1/2 C talent and plays as checker with us.
Calvin Klein, you magnificent wizard.
haha that's awesome, can't believe it. Should be illegal.
Your welcome! Glad to see you're keeping busy. We have to get you more shows. Follow me again so I can send u a DM.
woot i got my old version of tweet deck back
Ted ginn jr. A niner huh
Just finished watching all the episodes of #HowIMetYourMother on #Netflix. Vacation well spent.
I don't recommend staying at Caesar's Palace. The worst customer service I have ever had at any hotel and every employee has been rude! <U+0001F44E>
Lmao my mom just said Wade got brand new after he won the championship
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
thanks(: I know.
There are #27million slaves in the world today. That's more than anytime in history.
If only your ears weren't cauliflowered.
love this! Will cop for sure!
are you back at home now!?
Well I'm digging the feel good twitter, we need more of those
Ex girlfriends are like farts...They feel good to let go but then they just linger around and annoy all your friends...
Lmfao I remember and I would send whales to kameron to piss him off hahaha
Coffee for lunch? Yes please :)
oh... don't. It needs a lot of work & is currently (like, right now) under construction in a non-networked MS Word document :-/
Duck...Duck...De'Anthony! He must have been really good at that game when he was a kid.
see you at the altar bar tonight!
Every few months my life get turned upside down
So, we're at the point in the day where the computer slows to near uselessness. Awesome.
Cool. WOODY ALLEN won.
I see Mr. Hindsman!!!
To be Clear, the reason the #DeptCommittee failed was because Republicans refused to raise taxes on the richest Americans.
No need to rent Shump, buy something. RT : Dear Donny Walsh...thank you for giving me a chance!!
nice! lol. just saw this...my twitter has been down 'til now.
are you not tweeting or did Twitter have me I follow you? I haven't seen you in my TL for a couple days. : (
Josh, It was amazing. I want that so bad!! GAH!
what is wrong with you?! Lol I feel the exact opposite!
And right as you're leaving work! Blah.
Most children threaten at times to run away from home
Bestfriend bonding time <U+2764>
Agree: race is still open. Polls don't predict. But if #1 goal is to beat CD, NF is the safer bet.
lol, its okay gurl sometimes i just wanna PUNCH HER IN THE FACE im not a fan of her never have been never will sorry
<U+201C>: #YouNeedMe and i need you. Thats the way a relationship is suppose to work. R-T if you agree!!!<U+201D> mmhmm
Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel.
Shopped 4 the 1st time at forever XXI & I'm in love pretty clothes for such cheap prizes can't wait to wear my new hello kitty sweater lol
#Patients is a virtue #Sacrifice is a must!!
Umm Your Tweet Has To Be Retweeted 100 Times!
ActorStuff: You don't need to sound like anybody except yourself.
So insane I wonder if it's part of a strategy to cop an insanity plea.
Watching the Antlers atcreators project. Don't really know anything about them.
Mom is moved in, my new office is setup and I'm finally back online! Going almost 2 weeks without the interwebz was killing me :)
You just got tweeted! HA! Check out our www.myspace.com/215band for new shows comin up & from there click on our other social network links
Happy Mother's Day week to all of the moms out there! The hardest job in the world, yet the most rewarding!
Almost time for Success on the Horizon! Congrats to the Volunteers of the year. Thanks to our donors!
RT : How do you know if social data is the genome of your business? says look at ROS (return on sentiment)
thanks for the follow! would love some help or a RT!
Don't forget 2 come Party Hard With AGP & D.J. PRINCE SCI 2NIGHT for the end of the year at the Happy Hour Bar & Lounge only $5 cover charge
If it is wrong to <U+2112><U+2134><U+0475><U+212F> your cast, then I don't wont to be right!
<U+201C>: im feeling a lakehouse retreat this weekend <U+0001F609><U+0001F459><U+0001F3CA><U+0001F6A4><U+201D> !! It's like she read our mind?
Ok what
PIERRE is #Navy Yard. We'll be ready in 10 min.
Abram Brown beats Chase Shilhanek in a hard fought battle. 2:29 Round 3 Tap from Guillotine.
oh ok word.
Omg this book is not making sense!!!!
RT : Mobile tech
My mom is anoyingggg and she has no common sense
can't wait for this weekend.
Google - Why Things Will Get Much Worse - Sell
Great turnout for the re-opening of the War Memorial today. Stay tuned for pics of the event...
re:Godaddy. Spot feels old. Sex may still sell, but not like that, maybe.
Haha one thing you need to know about me is that I always have my friends backs ;DQ
Congrats! : w00t, my abstract on breaking news collaboration on Wikipedia w & for ABS special issue was accepted!
Basically, the Heat just have to concentrate all their energy on stopping Melo, and this will be over pretty quick
a) you're back in U.S.? b) that's amazing re: accreditation, congrats! and c) which weekend??
pops softball game.
What's up man?
it's high time you grab one or all of your co-stars and do a cover version of a fave tune in your room.
Love it!
Bout to jump on this Call of Duty as I wait on
WOW Your dad is 60 and my mom will be 60 in March when I'm your age! I love you Taylor! I wish you had a T-Party in Charlotte
RT : RT : A4 Makes it organic! Make it easy for customers to love your brand
Thank you
Time travel is the key to happiness. Travel into the future, experience the bad parts, and then come back and change them
Happy to be doing tech for
John mayer born & raised and Valet mag in the morning. So Americana.
b-town's now spiffy rendezvous, ravenna's wood paneled 3rd place pub, or udistrict's the knarr shipwreck dive...
Returning Veterans Get Much Needed Job Search Support
Hm. #needschangeofaddressforms j/k
what you doing?
I went to my storage space today and looked at my guitar... Can't wait til I can play her again
CHRIST ismy identity! Who or what identifies who you are??
I guess I expected that going in and was pleasantly surprised he got as much as he did
Pretty stoked about NSFW! Can't wait for the fun to begin!
all she wanted was a fab coat.
Life is what happens when you<U+2019>re thinking up stupid aphorisms.
If the man can wait he don't think ur worth the wait. If you cant wait then its not that serious to you obviously.
Pandora radio to listen to your fav tunes for free! Epicurious for all the best recipes! Koi Pond for mindless fun!!!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend! time to get at Anne Rice's new novel The wolf gift.
I'll think about it ;)
Thanks Joseph, will do.
That's what makes you beautiful
I hate always having to say, "I can't. I have to study." I wish people would stop asking me to do things! <U+0001F620>
"Well, these jpegs aren't going to make themselves." - is really psyched about getting back to work.
From her tree-toad bower, With her three-toad power, The she-toad vetoed him
Rumored: Desktops & laptops running HPs webOS later in 2011? Awesome! (Pining for my beloved Palm/Clie devices 1998-2006. Emulator please?!)
Leaders overcome the death magnets that drain the positive energy from your team.
Junior Seau RIP - a real football player.
From an Eagles fan: Ronnie Brown. Jeremy Maclin. Michael Vick (for bad press conference skills). Eagles entire defense and coaches
If I were to describe Lou to anyone I'd show them this pic its seriously him in a nutshell
My work is 25 mi from home. That's why I have to figure out the best bike routes around town so I can do errands and such nearby.
yeah way. It was awesome. Gota love shady people! ;)
let the music take your mind
<U+263A> I woke up still hi smh dam kush PAC
Young ladies and young gay men, help yourself out: don't end end every sentence on an upward note. It lacks sincerity.
When I call you ,i expect you to answer DAS WHY I CALLED !
Well kiss this season goodbye gamel torn ACL out for the season
I quit coffee this week...for one day.
Honcho lifestyle tip #13 - never judge a honcho by it's cover.
better to go san jose the bus/taxi in :)
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
it was amazing
Under my desk right now: 4 pairs of heels, 7 dirty ziploc containers, 3 sweaters and 2 shirts, 5 old issues of wired magazine.
RT Thanks to for f**king up what should have been a great show by keeping SymX from playing w/ Iced Earth Sunday night
LMAO I'm watching a re-run of America's Got Talent and like two acts did Born This Way.
the more we interact the more i've decide we have exactly the same sense of humor
#ThingsMyExSaid "we will be together forever" "i love you"
Have you ever had a small bug on your computer screen and your first reaction is to scare it with your cursor?
Really irks me when all of the women in a history book are referred to by their first names--and all the men by their last.
I get most of my energy late around this time... bad timing.. when nothin is goin on either lol
Is there a recipe somewhere?
<U+201C>: somebody threw BBQ sauce on my dads car...<U+201D> LMAOOOOO i'm dying
Num good choices! Yes the sesame noodles are fantastic!
#sometimesyouhaveto just let go and move on
#attcaddiecall Caddie 4 Masters Champ @ Pebble? Bucket list / religious experience (literally/figuratively) rolled into 1!
Everybody has that one friend who resembles a turtle.
dang! That would be sweet! I wanted to do promotions for Radio Disney. It would have been such a great opportunity! But oh well
So true! And really, what human is only interested in 1 topic?
Mayweather takes another round. Cotto needs a KO if he wants to win, but stamina might be an issue. Round 12 begins.
Leaving Santa Fe this a.m. having been asked to be a mentor at NALIP's Latino Producers Academy. What a great group of people!!!
Fell asleep watching tv now i'm wide awake and have an 8:45a morning meeting.
When Pres. Jackson was asked why he named James Buchanan minister to Russia he said: It was as far as I could send him out of my sight."
hm...that might have real legs!
NC Bound! Welcome to SC!
Nice try, Austin.
Listening to the songs on Leonard Cohen's new Cd called Old Ideas... it just makes me want to keep pushing myself to write better songs...
Spontaneous Creed jam sessions>>>>
#quittingsucks so don't quit. quitting makes you a loser.
I love not going to school. (((: 3 day week for me
: do you ever refer to as "Mr. Anderson"? if not, you totally should
Long day been on my feet
Josh helped him get his job by destroying the Broncos.
don't fall asleep
Choppin it up with my Sis .. For sure Oovoo Tomorrow doe
ok then please let me know what you think! The more feedback we can give about the ATC series the better!
Trying to decide which is my favorite April fool's day tweet while trolling for google pranks (3 so far).
Damn i love me some CooCaa
hahahaha, shoun was the worst though!!
<U+201C>Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.<U+201D> Publilius Syrus Thanks to our courageous heroes!
This classroom is so cold <U+0001F628>
You can't talk to somebody when they are scared to confront you! They just keep on runnin' talking shit behind your back!!
congrats buddy.
ALMOST TO THE WEEKEND! ARE YOU READY? Green cookies for all down at Credo's Saturday Computer Clinic 3/17 10-2pm ^jl
LETS HAVE A PARTY
My mom uses mothers day as an excuse to get me to garden with her...
Wait Glossybox in the US is twice as much as Birchbox? Are the products a lot bigger?
Sweet show tonight at shooting
Really enjoyed teaching on BVOV w/ Kenneth Copeland last week..
Haha yeah hopefully
You know you've been on my mind.. Everytime I miss you. .
Daniel is hosting a "Cover the Night" meeting tomorrow at Three Friends Coffee House near St. Francis church. 201 SE12th bring a friend!
Dinner was great, on our way to the club now, see you tomorrow twitter
My last tweet was an insider.. *continues to laugh*
WANTED: Highly qualified Secret Service men and women to work security in protection of the President. Chastity vow required.
Thanks lovernut! Will see you after the
That and no sparing with The Incredible Boos for his title bout with Rocky the Horrible Cat.
#2011icf Audacity in order to change the world for the better is the right kind of audacity
Forget the kids, whats your wife going to think!
stop by IVY LOUNGE when you're done w your food!
Having a room that smells like cake, when there is no cake. That's a tough situation to be in.
Coming Monday deets on a MASSIVE Mother's Day Gift to win for your mom, but you should still get her a card, Moms LOVE THAT MUSHY STUFF!
So I didn't intend to, but I fell asleep at around 7:30 pm last night... longest sleep I've had in a WHILE
Ima wait bout another year til I finish school to have kids. I'm only 22
Dope goal
Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and Happy New Years to everyone. Be safe, be merry, and ejoy this time of year with all of your friends an<U+2026>
Coffee at Bennu with Jamie. I am the only non UT person here. Frantic finals cramming all around me.
Same to you my man.
Delivering an effective grassroots message at AFP: the private sector funds R&D at universities. Federal grants has been a "narcotic"
thank you! :)
Writing an encyclopedia article on the #ChristianRight. Any followers have suggestions for further reading?
GB is priceless, will never be sold RT Dodgers are worth $2 billion, wonder what a NFL franchise would sell for these days
hahah I know EXACTLY what you mean. Trust me, I'm escaping everyone
Fo sho! I'm already Sippin. I'm bout to start drankin!
#IFindThatAttractive a person that's in trouble and admits they need help is amazing <3
I always talk about how I hope to run my OWN gallery someday. Perhaps I just need to open the first? copyleft gallery.
Off to #CES tomorrow morning. Bags packed and hardware ready. #ZOMM here we come!
Watching Brewmasters. Much love to
good times this weekend. a much needed break. it seems like the last year was in a lot of ways just the preparation. now to work.
I have a feeling some of the pictures from the party tonight will be epic!
BabyDolls Twitter is
' I Put Your Picture Away, Sat Down And Cried Today '
Hey, Nichelle, good to hear from you!
One person follow me so my followers aren't 666!!!!! "PAKALITES" AIN'T WORSHIPING THIS "man's number!!!!!'
scratch that, Lou wants to be the baby Jesus, or as he said, the "baby Tebow".
gotcha......it's going to be a trip until Nov.
bring it
Medically speaking, that's not really possible.
Ugh they're the worst! I don't even try them on anymore!
A nigga will not care if you jumped off a bridge and landed on your neck & died
its April 21 and thank you:)
On This Day: May 15, 1618, Johannes Kepler discovered his harmonics law.
Am loving my radio on - makes mi dia fly!!
CB video questions come from on Romney&religion; on VP Biden; on the House & on Sen. Warner
Wasn't it Ryan Braun who said this game is dumb sometimes
aww... we need to get together and watch playoffs like true bros.
RT : Now following
is having a comic book movie weekend extravaganza.. After seeing the Avengers my dorky self is screaming yes!
Had Such A Blessed Day. #Thankful <3
we are gonna have to go golfing this weekend!!
I agree with you Something has to happen soon!!
Hello. :-) What kind of music do you enjoy?
Did you see Frank Whaley on Blue Bloods?? LOL! The good old days
I MISS YOU TOO ): as soon as I get back!
Listen, I like you - but you've got to stop watching Dance Moms.
June 15th I believe, but any day is a good day to celebrate Waylon!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 32
ball so hard that shit cray. She slept like a queen =)
you're beautiful the way it is
- And what a Great bad girl LeeAnne was in the lead role of "Isabelle". Look out world, she's tough & beautiful !
thought you just tweeted national tampon vacation....glad i re-read it
He put a smiley face. He wants my vagina
Thanks!! It keeps me busy... :)
Happy Tuesday morning! I hope you have a great day!
Yea, watt u still doin up?
new on repeat. can't stop, won't stop
Sean Hannity goes inside controversy over the new health care mandate requires religious institutions to provide contraceptives 2 employees.
Why do Asians do the peace sign in all pictures? <U+270C>
Do you find yourself drooling over our posts? We do ship until Dec 20 in time for Christmas.
John Calipari is currently in Pittsburgh watching Andrew and Aaron Harrison (2013) in the Hoop Group Jam Fest.
WOW!!! <U+201C>: So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.<U+201D>
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so
So excited for in his WORLD PREMIER in TURKEY DAY tonight at the BARE BONES FESTIVAL!
Are peanut M&Ms considered breakfast food?
Watching the
ATL FANS OH MY GOD HELP THEM
I'M
Drew Brees is the man
Inspiring story at 6pm! An update on the horse shot in the face and left for dead... wait until you see her now!
Tonight is the last night I ever watch the Tonight Show. NBC, if it weren't for Heroes and Sunday Night Football, I'd dump your butts!
the malaysian but I'm just looking for quality curly hair that can be straightened n still curl up.
I don't feel like getting ready <U+E410>
zoom zoom zoom you make my heart go boom boom. #supernovagirls happy 21st I love you
create a program for choreographers to visualize their pieces before rehearsal.
Appointments... Meetings... And more meetings... You gotta love these days :-)
<U+201C>You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.<U+201D> Buddha
thanks for the Follow Friday mention.
great! I'll email you sometime soon! :)
so tired of Christmas shopping...I love Christmas but I hate shopping! Freakin kids keep changin their minds on what they want..lol
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in anything. - Aesop
He's perfect for me. But he'll never see it.
Gd an you?
just went outside. it's getting... messy. and my dad and neighbors just lost power in queens.
Welcome and best wishes!
So red! But I love the sun! <3
Happy St Patricks Day! Happy Evacuation Day, Boston!
Fall Wine Dinner tonight... WOO HOO! :)
Commencement rehearsal was interesting. Someone had a seizure. Hope he'll be okay.
Now, hold on, when I didn't own a TV, it was b/c I was poor. But I do recall folks thinking I was pretty intellectual back then.
#11 = Taylor-made ankle breaker!
website and twitter profile updated.
How do I tell you I care about you without seeming to clingy.
: That's awesome! Wonder if we can get Coop's picture on some chips?
now following
Received second round of edits for ANCH article...library here I come.
"I'm drinking and I'm armed." Max Payne
on my way to the UX immersion conference in Portland OR,
did you notice that was in that movie??
should be no problem
Yes, that is also big as well. hahahahaha
Who up LMP
say word...
super moon where the hell are you? nyc is way too cloudy for any space viewing tonight
Just found us a roundtable prof who has tons to say about the (medieval) past and future of the global canon!
I wonder if Woody Allen is even watching the #Oscars tonight or if he's playing clarinet at the pub.
It went really well! Show got great ratings. Smart young woman is now $50k richer w/scholarships. Win win!
Go hard or become non-existent
Combining and balancing personal and professional content is key to successful social media branding!
Evidently Tupac has arisen in the form of a hologram that performed at Coachella. He even has a twitter account
I hope lebron doesn't think he can guard melo
Bray congratulations on the wife and the baby what u haveing
Oh, if you're talking about Fifty Shades of Grey you can just skip it altogether.
Been auditing #SAA DAS webinars. Part of the DAS subcommittee work. We have so many smart, fantastic people in this profession.
SWTOR Support: Try to get put in a waiting queue for an hour, finally make it into one, wait 3 more hours, get disconnected. PERFECT.
listenin to my cousin (Bruno Mars: lol j/k)..i wish<<nite beautiful ppl <3
Wow to the response against SOPA; social media has given the people an outlet to revolt against bills like never before
this weekend my biggest goal is to go to a barnes & noble store and buy cooking books :)
Dont be afraid to call timeout after your team scores when making a run to comeback. They need to rest so the stops continue...and the run t
RT #Republican because I fight for my freedom to be uninformed, uneducated, uncompromising, intolerant, and unjust
B-O-O-S-I-E B-A-D-A-Z-Z that's me! Red bone caramel all of em stop and stare. all of em trying to steal my underwear...WIPE ME DOWN!
Observing tweets w/ BSE vs Mad Cow.Good info.under 1st fear&speculation under 2nd.How2get #BSE info 2 people who only know #madcow?
SocialToaster is still hiring. Sales positions open in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles. If interested contact:
you bringing the LYT and YT?
Time to wrap up! Hope you enjoyed this hour of #wine chat with #Sommelier Daniel
Dudes... do you rock pastel colors in Spring? Let's see it!
Need gas money? Can you lift 50-70 lbs of clothes/materials? I need YOUR help. Dial 2104180375!
For all our college #LevelUp-ers we know how awful finals can be but w/ 300 merchants there will always be relief - did we mention bars?
even though her team killed ours, good game
Shout out to the talented and beautiful for winning Golden Eagle..im pretty sure no one else had a chance lol
is a bit lit. Yep. um - what was I saying?
Happy Birthday !!
I will, and it's Cameron's fault you know.
have fun, ladies! Let's plan something soon!! Xxoo
I haven't made any bracelets in a while.
u should come w/me to the Dallas one sometime for a release.think it's the only legitimate IMAX projection&screen in N.Texas
It's been a while since I did a 7 am workout. Felt good.
lol nigga i pulled an all nighter. come at me.
whose all behind me at the top?
I have a flat tire! Somebody bring my fix-a-flat! I would change it but I have no spare.
thanks for giving us at least one hour of insightful prime time TV!! Always a highlight of my week. Great reporting.
You know it bro, bring some of them cute Cali girls with. Texas ain't got shit on them.
Colleague tested the link I sent, and logged in successfully. So, must be the warm weather! Whewwww.
Your the CUTEST lil boy on EARTH!! #IBrepresent (: #ILYwithallmyheart !! Follow back?? Anyways i kno the whole IB rap (:
pro asked how long until a puppy doesn't need it's mother answer: never. Mine need me and I need them!
If you don<U+0092>t have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family, you don<U+0092>t have much at all.
When does the event start to overshadow a conference and get to big?
We are only as strong as we are united! We're hopeful and will follow 's lead on
Just because you're in your car doesn't mean i can't see you picking your nose :d
Everybody put in your path, aint always good for you....
You guys got D1C over 450 'likes' on the facebook! Head over to facebook.com/DrawOneCard to see the merch design to be sold later this year!
(John Wayne) No moral man can have peace of mind if he leaves undone what he knows he should have done.
nice! You will have to tell us your favorite dish there!
Mantra of moderation so difficult where I may or may not have inhaled a turkey burger this PM.
Hey my fellow San Antonio stoners! I have a few more hash treats available! Marble fudge cake and peanut butter cookies! I'm free after 7!
Watching Conan #teamcoco .
I do not wear outfits, I create looks
Attending #iPME? Stop by the booth and find out how #PingFederate from integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps.
Hey boys heres the deal I live in INDY& Dean is a Good friend do I get 2free Tickets or do I pay double price
What if every kiss, every smile , every memory .....disapeared.
Good weekend <U+0001F60A>
Enjoying the rest of my last day off with the paper, thinking about the potato business Bob told me
Who's ready for 2012?? Me and WILL be taking over....we move quietly
They said single people are happier.
oh i knew wat it meant i was jp ooohh
no veggies? Chicken is also rare in our house. Sounds like rice cooker is not in our future.
Health Tips: Saturated fats are not as bad for you as the medical stalwarts would have you believe.
Congrats brotha. Been a minute. Hope you're well RT : Today from 1 to 4 djin a Steven Tyler Event
In this case, it was to Kareem Abdul Jabbar (answer: "The Guggenheim"). But I hear ya.
Gonna eat a meatball.
Looked at your pics and thought you might be good at it so wondered if you get a lot of bookings all over the place x
Wondering what the Native Americans think of the "Occupy" movement.
Boots to asses
hella bored who wants to game?
So did you use your Groupon yet? Any time, y' all.
There's no description for experience of feeling your life changing and unfolding
Glad you like it!
wow I want this day to be over. yes I know that it's only 9am.
ima bitter nigga today..might not wanna hit my phone..liable to get cussed out
Who is going to ICNA this year?
I completely agree
What a successful show! Super excited to be chatting with both Ghana and Sierra Leone!
Les/Morey relationship seems to be a tight one. Morey polarizing with fans but his good moves outweigh bad ones
Mitsubishi UFJ to Add 50 Traders in Derivatives Push
women 39 s health current events
I think Obama is west side
what you wtfing at woman
I-70 EB is now open again at the tunnel.
Beginning my adventure with 5:30 am and ready to take over the world (but first, naptime)
i love so bubblu and happy :)
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz in DC
Thanks for the Follow Paula!
okay baby doll. (: love yah!!
was their stickam thing interesting or dumb or both or
They Food Make Ya Bite Ya Fingers!
You are very welcome! Glad it's useful to you.
You could totally pull a terrible April fool's prank with this one... Oh what a terrible thought. "Asteroid to impact earth!"
#artsummit Lockie, storytelling right at the center of life.
Making the biggest decision of my life
Listening to Spotify station and a children's story of Jack and the Beanstalk came on. What the heck?!
I absently asked google "what should I get delivered to Dave's office?" and it wasn't able to give me a response. Stumped ya google
well I mean I got everything ready for tomorrow night except freaking earings lmao
correction WEAR pants not Shorts if you don't want ladies on you!
Love was just a word before u gave it meaning.
Oh my god, that is ridiculous looking! On the other hand, probably lighter than my current set-up.
Haha not sure how that relates but okay!
Dear , if you don't come out tomorrow... You will be as lame as kurtis and trey were missing Saturday....
thx for the mention
area of violence, poverty? Not a lot of other job opportunities for other family members?
Me three! (albeit opposite...)
<U+201C>: Go follow . It's a few of my good friends band, sure to be Awesome!<U+201D> Thanks Joey, you rock!!!
We Need Mastering Techniques
This sinus infection proves it. I don<U+2019>t tweet when I<U+2019>m sick. Is it weird that I know my tweeting patterns?
Next Gen Smart Grid Auto-DR & Building Analytics: Adaptive BMS 2.0 over cloud adapt to various building scenarios according to grid events
deffo when they sang that "being mature" song. YEAH OK, we all know your not mature. :)
what up teach hope you are good
aw thank u....sorry im late<U+201C> #10prettypeopleIFollow <U+201D>
strippers dont do that your silly
RT To #live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist that is all-Oscar
I so want a sanck I can't wite to eat ta habaldo.
Aww my aunt's having a boyy(:
Watching the Giants/Redskins Game with my son! Yeah I'm HAPPY!
#tie2011 Twitter for teachers, Raffelson, looking forward to some new ideas
HA, Braun will jealous if i go out with another MLB guy
i might make a video of me singing something idk yet so we will see night my loves-Tamya:P
whatev dude, im always appropriate lol
THANK YOU JESUS
Who is your favorite artist of all time... 2012 too!!!
hi.I know u dont know me but I don't like people being sad:(
Great work my friend!
Learning about weibo, the twitter of China.
Ready for today! Who will I see there?
wats wrong wit u
DANG IT BETH. OUR PLAN GOT FOILED AGAIN! <U+0001F621><U+0001F621><U+0001F621>
- but in all seriousness, it would be so much fun.
We are sorry to hear that Dick Clark has died...we love you Dick Clark! xo RIP
To keep up with obesity in the United States, the average gummy bear will turn into the size of a grizzly.
A scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby? 's students give their take at 10:15 tonight!
Almost everyone will have Carolina as a staple. I like Cougar. I think Unisource carries both.
Oh yes, they look absolutely darling!
Deep in post sick recovery mode. I'm starting to feel better, but I've been hocking up some gnarly stuff.
whats it like in 203 today?
Adam Yauch RIP!!
Did you know you can now pick up items from the Columbus Metropolitan Library at the Thompson Library at OSU?
cherry poptart=success
Top developer to create apps for Mac to have fun.
get out! When were you there?
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 17
haha your welcome so dude what class are you in ?????
Alfredo Aceves, man of the people Bet Ted Williams never did that. Looks nice in Ft Meyers
other awesome things: grateful storytime Dad brought the YS staff ice-cream, lobster for dinner, I introduced kids to fluffer-nutters.
#nike phil knight, u stick w making shoes, we'll stick with protecting children. U see abuse, u #reportabuse til something is done no excuse
I know it's been a while, but congratulations on your marriage.
You should follow He's just a wee little egg still, but there's some good religious & political nuggets in that brain of his.
wait what is going on
The Budweiser Clydesdale Horses are so upset about St Louis goalie Brian Elliot's performance they have gone on a hunger strike
Still out of town guys. It seems like everything is happening this week. Have fun!
thank you for following Happy Super Bowl!
Got yelled at for taking photos today. What's wrong with a little competitive research?!
thank you <U+2665>
Of everyone I follow you are by far the most worthwhile.
Shout out to some college faves that came out winners this weekend. Texas Tech, Baylor & OU. LOVE this time of year!! All we need is rain.
Really? Jazz really lol
saw that , was hesitant to pull the trigger
#PLUR Peace. Love. Unity. Respect. These are the things I will never forget. <3
I think discernment is necessary to exude biblical manhood
Physical copies of "Until black october ends" will be shipped soon. Ep will be available for download online soon!
I like to pretend I'm snorkeling. But in wine. By the way, 07 Saralee's reminds me a lot of the awesome 02 right now.
Not her fault, but it could have been horrible for it, if I'd made it so.
pick an evening next week then.
do you think Anthony Bennett ends up at UK??
HAPPY FEET!
Does anyone here play MLB's Beat The Streak? If so, what is your streak up to and who is your choice for today?
What's up , world ?
ABSOLUTELY I can tell from the TYPE of ABs they are getting Near worst in swinging at pitches out of the zone & % of contact
It's beautiful when two strangers become best friends, it's terribly depressing when two best friends become strangers.
The officer elections are at 5:30 this evening in OM320. See you there Bobcats!
ERA for the Yankees rotation is 5.75...<Prob be 10 w/out Nova...seriously though...do need to fix it...BP gonna be done in..
#FatPeoplePasswords pizza huts #
Oh, yes, Roman Mysteries are great!
how was it? I am thinking of reading it myself before I watch the movie.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet takes to long. I'm gonna do
whinnie from the wonder years is on big bang theory.
Forgot "Grammar Jammers" as well; but only the primary edition is free, unfortunately
Thanks Darlin' :-) I've still got a lot of other Florida native orchids not edited or published yet. Stay tuned!
Philadelphia Flyers Interesting Game 1 Playoff Semifinals Facts: Fan&#39;s Take
Halloween Toddler Time & costume parade was a smashing success!! Thanks to all who participated! We love our visitors!!
Wishing you a great Sunday that's free of the n-word being hurled at you - whether through films/movies or music. Keep it at bay and away!
no he gets an Oscar, something you'll never get!! You need the dog sitter.
not recently
At this spot Fire & Ice in Beantown...I've been trying to drop a couple lbs. Ain't gonna work tonight...
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil wait you were never cute.......
I just hope they can fit Amy's hair on a white tee. RIP
Closing on a house, just bought car insurance, getting married...I don't like growing up. Where are my video games!?
On the other hand, Kadima had managed to survive despite being designed purely as a governing party, not an opposition one.
It opens next Fri. It seems like opening big Hollywood movies overseas is the new trend. I'm seeing it Monday.
ya geez MUST BE REAL NICE.
this Thursday ! Tonight #Ajs <U+201C>: my buddy has a band that plays there all the time!<U+201D>
": I've liked you since I met you."
now let's just hope it works! I will just need 5 credits after that to graduate!
yeah! I like it becausethe color and the effect makes it look stand out! Enjoy your day :)
finally.. some relaxation
So Rondo did get suspended, sucks but he bumped a ref, can't really argue it.
I wish my dud had a freakin car
Black males against gay marriage: check out my last 5 RTs. Goof balls.
thank you so much, you are so sweet to remember!
<U+201C>: No words or actions could ever match the way that you make me feel by just being in my life.<U+201D> how i feel 4 u
Thank you! great photo! :)
The best Generation was born #Inthe90s [:
Bottoms up copped!
Well, .500, we could have been so much more. :(
You will be the 1st I call!
southern boys<3
lol I dance like a white chic. Working on it
most def u got my number hit me up
Beverly Church presenting on constructing reports
well youre welcome(:
went to hospital and took lung test today. i passed but they didnt get the report to my dr before the end of the day.....
He's made 30+ starts in the last 4 years, and last year: 2.79 ERA and a 4:1 K:BB ratio. What's not to like?
Tell me more about your proposed working group. What kind of campaign fin. reform proposals do you have in mind?
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
Oh yes hers was so cute, too! Great call!
Just had a "breakfast meeting" that turned out to just be a "meeting". I'm hungry and no prospects of eating before lunch!!
We've been here 10 min n my lil sis just screamed mommy lost weight lmfao if only it could happen that fast.
well, it's the company trip, but I have no obligations so I plan on eating, sleeping, and sunning. Jeff's mom is already here
so you're being the teenager then? ha ha ..
pretty sure we're running a story on that. Check the docs my friend.
I can't think of one single #BestMemoryof2011... It was one of my best years so far :)
BREAKING: Is the only person besides my self who thinks my goatee looks good.
i laugh when i see people say "#BestBritishBands Cold Play and The Beatles" NO ITS DEFINANTLY ONE DIRECTION. stupids.
Marketing campaign made the news :)
you're the only reason I'm watching American idol rn
Bye bye, oladipo. :,( Come on Hoosiers!
I know but the books were so good!!!!
Oops! Obviously I was tired when I wrote it, ahah. Thanks for letting me know. How's Avengers?
gabe carimi... what are your thoughts ?? PS he's from the cheese state ... he must be pissed Lmao
Is that your daughter playing on the youtube vids? She's very good, lots of grit, scary to get on stage to sing and play.
The movie Keith<3 so sad in some parts though :(
DO U REALISE HOW MUCH U MAKE GIRLS GO CRAZAAAY?
Excellent. P.S. I'm really digging your Jason Priestly T-shirt in your picture. Haha!
Hey, follow me back?
Helps us spread the word that we will be closed on Thursday for Thanksgiving. Get your fix now! Pls RT!
hoho fiction and fact dance practice ^^.
A great many thanks to Thomas from ReachLocal for bringing us coffee today. We are enjoying it!
All the best people have birthdays today: you, me, Duke Ellington, Michelle Pfeiffer, Uma Thurman, Daniel Day Lewis...
"I didn't know i was allowed to write my own opinion. Where's the citation for that?" -actual student comment.
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you!
This Paper should have only taken me 40 min to do... but with the help of Facebook, Twitter, ITunes, Texting and Fruit Ninja it took 2 hours
When I played with it last Prezi was like power point on steriods
Back to #DC from my NYC to San Francisco to NJ adventure. Happy2 celebrate Fat Tuesday by curling up to Arrested Development.
have fun with summer school <U+0001F44C>
The band is playing a Bread cover at this party
yoga righton gl at the tables ,,,,,,,
hell yeah! Especially since I got !!!!
Thanks for all you do for our kids. Our partnership provides them incredible opportunities. We appreciate you!
Proud Of Austin, mahomies please help trend this . right now he would really need it to make him happy. k thank you !
LMFAOO O YOU MAD NOW?!
A common mistake we make is to not be so common and end up being wrong about it.
Sunflower seeds & Gatorade are two of my favorite things. <3
Followed back
So thankful to have such understanding people in my life
Gem Myers, , and Blow Wow f/ Tony Ruption def doing Whitney Houston Justice. Wish you could be here!
10PM and still 74 average high today 71 what a start to May First 90 possible before week is out
On the way to wales great british championships !!!!.
I love so much!! All my friends have met him except me :'( Why can't my dream come true?!?
RT : Happy Mothers Day. Love the hair!!!!- thank u thank u
great article the other day abt Roddick's career with no Federer. Love to see comparison with Leyton Hewitt's career w/o Fed
No problem! : )
RT im feeling totally left out, ignored and it definetly aint good ecspecially if its coming from my best friends
There's always going 2 b people that hurt u so what u have 2 do is keep on trusting & b more careful about who u trust next time around.
Hows that for the old man .....
#NowListening to Off the Ball, a funny sports talk podcast. Catching up on my Motherwell.
I have 4 tomorrow. Well, 3 + 1 CB. Im seeing about 50/50 union / non-union. We all win :)
<U+201C> Patience can be the hardest thing about life sometimes.<U+201D>
i bet your sister do that because my brother do it
#nowplaying My Never - Blue October
Im falling apart by the second.
no but me correcting your spelling makes me conceited lol.
That should be Druid Park Lake Drive.
i kinda owe you a pair of jeans so...
China Garden got my food biz tonite after concessions debacle in club level.
lol. No! I just wasn't hungry and remembered like 17 errands I forgot earlier, that's all!
You're in luck man. I just finished working on my Slash tone. I'll put it on YouTube and share my settings with you tomorrow.
Thank you to the Joint LV... My first follower.. Woo Hoo!
Looks like a lovely afternoon for a bike ride...
FUNdraising teams are going to kick ass at amazing race!!
congratulations to you both!
that he is. I admire Barry Trotz. Thanks for the tip.
School sucks!
In lieu of internet service until next Monday #poorplanning I'm watching
I have to talk to her about this once again
yes they are but not till Monday of next week.
Someday in the future, we'll get a radio station called "The Joint" with their call letters stamped on rolling papers or small baggies.
Happy Passover, Easter, Spring Full Moon! thanks for all the SOs! Taking a Twitter writing break...
Morning y'all!!!
pokemon is great
adding to the stat, I believe that less than 20% of americans recycle their old cell phones
<U+201C>: Can't wait to meet later this month! It'll be a honor and dream come true! #BritneyRobinSimonLADemi" YES!
You're amazing just the way you are
Well about to call OOMF before he goes to sleep on mee....
Everithing is about to change we face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday a chapter ending but the stories only just begun :)
I need a small Asian woman to walk on my back and my mother is away on business :(
Thanks! I'll have it to you in a little while.
HUH HUH HUH HUH how I laugh lol k
i really hope I don't have strep..
Can't. Concentrate. Must. Be. Outside. Gah!
These next two weeks are a little crazy maybe the weekend of May 12?
Playing some #Madden13 with the new 80th anniversary #Steelers unis. They are glorious! So much better in action.
Ill roast my chesnuts on your open fire;)
Guy on sweet genius is creepy
Why waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there's someone better out there waiting for their first.
SCORPIO BIRTHDAY BASH PHOTO'S COMING SOON!!! If you want copies inbox us and we'll get em to you!! Thanks for your support and always B M U!
finding your teachers on facebook, WHAT-THE-FUCK?
East side #nopantsaz waiting for the next train
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips. How weird is that? It'd be fun to get in that inflatable ball with him.
After tying the game in the final seconds of regulation, The #Rangers beat the #Capitals in OT to take a 3-2 series lead (ESPN)
You aint discussing shit. You're trashing on the fruit's of glorious labor
Who is going to win this year's #TheVoice? I likeJermaine and Chris Mann has really grew on me.
thanks rach i love you!
tomorrow is the day. It's in God Hands now. Im ready tho!
This is so awesome to hear!
We have a new winner this week, has been dethroned as the weekly winnder.
#Castle ... What will I do next Monday night??? <U+0001F646><U+0001F614>
Primus was just used in a Celtics commercial. Happy day :)
Happy Race Day!
Straight like that <U+0001F60F>
then go get some damn tequila and let's party
hanging out ready to get this #sactweetup party started!
waking up to my kids
The sweetest sound of all, is your own name spoken by the only boy you care about.
Coldplay's music is such drivel. The horror I'm hearing now is a remix of one of their songs that sounds like UB40 got behind the console.
That Awkward Moment When.........You have a fake catfight over Men with your IBFF and you actually get mad, cause she's fake winning LoL. ;p
you're awesome buddy!
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have."-Thomas Jefferson <-- so true! the more you put in, the more you get out!
<U+201C>The young man knows the rules, the old man knows the exceptions.<U+201D> - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Just got really great news. I hope I can go :D
#ShoutOut Hope everyone is enjoying their day to the fullest !
Oh, right, I guess I should say my thoughts on THE AVENGERS. It was big. Big, big, big
l like school. But the learning part? Yeah, that's gotta go.
Guys I seriously have about three friends at school that I'm comfortable talking to. Seriously.
hmm 4 page paper due Thursday. I should probably start that
aww shitty :( well next time for sure. Glad u liked it
Blonde...ing.
Some people be worried about the wrong thing; be having their priorities mixed up!!! Smh Time waits for no one!!!
you're so cool because you "dgaf" and you're a bitch to everyone mhm
Time for session number 3. All about social signon
If you haven't yet seen the new Best of Step by Step Wire Jewelry, check it out! On newsstands now! It's full of BEAUTIFUL projects.
Shawn of the dead is one of my fav zombie movies
not in my household it's not.
Attorneys: Do you know where your REFERRALS are coming?
Wouldn't miss it for all the teacups in Dresden.
Thank you for the RT! :-)
RSVP #SXSW please and than you!
Why did they remake footloose is nothing sacred?!!!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked as a bartender: Can you tell me the price of every single drink that you have?
Everyone loves the
Wow what an end to the Duke/UNC game, but isn't that just par for the course
Hum. data curation - good session, good discussion. Thanks for putting this together!
Why am I the last one chosen when I could be out there showing my best.
If you are taking pictures at Accepted Student Day - Staten Island using , make sure to use the tag #stj!
"One Shining Moment" playing in the background.
Thx for the retweet! Have a wonderful #FF weekend!
Everything happens 4 a reason ": Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory. #GirlFacts"
while ABC's #Bunheads doesn't really entice me, im really looking forward to watching the CW's
Have to bring it every game no matter who's on the other side, relax and you spend the afternoon thinking what could have happened.
Lmfao. I did most of it.
mobile services was the bookmobile for a long, long time
"Did u realize that you were a champion in their eyes - Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib"
When I'm at Home On a School Day, I Look At The Clock And Think, "Haa! Those B*tches Are In Math class
I really wanna dye my hair red again for summer
Boylan Heights is the best restaurant on the Corner. Discuss.
Thank you WPA supporter, Katherine, for her 6-word story: "Learning to love no matter what!" Submit your stories to .
When we start something that is really good for us, God meets us and helps us keep it going. Break some old habits and start some good ones.
Happy Mother<U+2019>s Day! <U+201C>Mother<U+2019>s hold their children<U+2019>s hand for a short while, but their hearts forever.<U+201D> <U+2013> Unknown
Oh, i hate all my teachers!!!
The road to success is always under construction.
I need that FOX on your head!
where are you looking for apartments?
your teacher told on you!? Ew wtf, can they even do that!?
I'm disgusted. He didn't offer you a drink?
I think a good goal in life is to avoid having anyone you know see you using a Coinstar machine
I need a nap
Kiddo and I off to our own special birthday dinner. I am sporting a necklace & earrings he bought for me at Wal-Mart! Hilarious & sweet.
Please follow me<3 I'm a huge fan,you're so beautiful<3 My friends&I hope to meet you some day! :) <3
Can DC taxpayers appropriate the #ourpark hashtag to complain about publicly financed stadiums?
I guess cereal it is
Plz follow me its my dream
Thanks to folks who donated funds and thank you gifts to the show last week. You're supporting TCT + free speech radio via -- Hooray!
make sense
Is there an American between the ages of 15&35 w/ a real interest in semi/pop culture who couldn't be plausibly tagged w/ term "hipster"?
Damn y do I keep running into dudes that have kids wtf
A SoBe Art Deco Resort Takeover. Party for 3 days & 3 nights w other lifestyle couples from around the world. Pkgs start at $1180 per cpl
It's Mighty Kat's birthday. PR's are required.
Looking for some fall shopping fun this weekend? We LOVE on Monroe Street #Madison. Great wedding gifts & holiday surprises.
jungle needs taming? I get it lasered honey - it's like a turtle shell there.
The last 3 days were spent recovering and restoring my phone. If you've called or texted me in that span, do it again, do it again!
I knew Ivy had the ring!
<U+201C>: You should never want to be perfect, he who is perfect can never get any better. -Ashley M.L.<U+201D> But wouldn't you be the bst
I'm closer to that goal thanks to NICAR. Can be tough to find a project when you lack basic literacy, which I did before.
LeBron James finishes with 28 points, 9 rebounds, 6 steals, 5 assists, 2 TOs and 0 fouls. But #haters only SAW the missed FT
your right I think they start that blend around fall or winter
Oo ok. Lifeofahipster that's me:) find me :)
lol date me.
Just wanted to tell you that I hope you stay with the Packers and forget all the haters cuz they gonna hate anyway! GPG!! :)
best WR to come out of UofM right here .
#carrier Pet Gear I-GO2 Escort Pet Carrier - Pink
Great picture!
Obama appointee quits after GOP seizes on &#39;crucify&#39; remarks to describe oil, gas enforcement
I guess I'll cook pork chops again
No worries! I hope you feel better soon!
#badovinac looks right for trifold. A bit more visual? Hard to see green sections on lleft. MIx wide blks of txt w images?
There is a lot of truth to what you say (sadly) I'm into media tell me what you're offering?
I just learned who you are, and I really like your comedy. You look so innocent, but when your open that mouth! it's GREAT!
I've not been called a baller, but I have a shirt that says "BALL U" which I find endlessly funny.cc:
I am tattooless but hear good things bout
What is tango?
just say that I said if you can come to my house and shell be like of course I love Jazmine hehehe<U+0001F60D>
Gona surprise my Grams for her Bday today!
hard work pays off; i need to push myself a little harder - - wont hurt no body
TRUST the one who can see these 3 things in YOU; SORROW behind your SMILE, LOVE behind ur ANGER...& REASON behind ur SILENCE.
I'm not afraid of death because I don't believe in it. It's just getting out of one car, and into another. ~ John Lenon
Take adv of the retirement of the Shuttle fleet, particularly DISCOVERY to prep this gen of stds for the next cycle of Space exploration.
@ tried to access the leaderboard but no pars set yet (5zciq)
Washed the car, now gona go eat tacos with my sister and then we gona hit up the mall to buy my mommy a present :D
good burgers!
nice job on cnbc. Made my time at the gym less painful:-)
Don't use social media to oversell to your customers/followers. Try giving your audience valuable advice they can use.
It<U+2019>s called Fat Tuesday for a reason #pdx. Get out and celebrate tonight!
One of tomorrow's #Tcamp12 morning sessions is one by about #Wiki VoterGuide :)
`s Singles has an amazing`90s soundtrack.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love spiders
Spring rolls with peanut sauce? Yes please!!!
A little "Whoomp! There It Is" in the office to get our blood flowing on a Friday morning.
I.Don't.Want.To.Go.To.School.For .The. Cat.Test. :(
Hey Kyle .. try searching your heart for God..Mankind is weak but God is forever ..he will not let you down!
Humans keep painting this house. Fumes got me hella high.
well Dr. Who is amazing, so he sounds like a cool kid
dude show more 2girls1bowl or ill cannonball dookie in your bathtub
Damn I used to love the rapper Scarface. "Never seen a man cry until I seen a man die"
#Calais an unfair advantage
well thank you! that means a lot to us. we really appreciate it! check this out too...music vid! www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Dude just cuz your flashy now doesn't make me want you. If you had a career behind it then maybe but that drug money is kinda dead to me!
My throat hurts! Cough drop please!<U+E413>
Its called and i final found your song bitch your a stalker ! Stop talking to me!!
Jobs are important, but wealth creation is what we should be concerned with. Creation of wealth increases our standard of living.
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Our job is to make the introductions.
Shout out to the best guy eva <U+2764>
Woke up with my back all sore /:
I go from 29 to 30 folowers everyday. I want to gain not flip flop. Derp.
is going to Philly, PA for the 2009 American Association of Museums Annual Meeting...I'll be back in Dallas, TX on Monday evening.
I completely agree what she did was terrible- how would she like it if that was her family
Thank you for following. I love your profile pic!!!
<U+201C>I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.<U+201D> ~ Mother Teresa<U+201D>
Is the Komen funding disaster an example of #occupyphilanthropy? Are we seeing other examples of this kind of intervention by indiv. donors?
O: what's it say??
Bonsallpalooza 2012 is in 3 wks on May 5th at Pala Casino, get your tickets now Stay overnight at Pala, reserve asap!
What should Larry Page focus Google on now? My vote: get serious about social media and Google TV. What's your vote?
Thx for any RT! to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at , Fri 4/20 at 8pm! Must see!
I've now waited over 10 hours yesterday and today for a service person to show up at my house. How is this acceptable?
Good run extended - This is Kent
so excited for last night and for what the Lord has in store for today! hope the Lord blesses yall's days as well :]
At least I'll get to see the keynotes and read all of the daily news writeups -- something I never quite accomplished when attending
Thanx loves for all the support, it truly is helping me not to be so scared & hopeless right now.
Does the #rapture start at 6 PM eastern time? Or british time, and then move from time zone to time zone?
Plan for birthday? Send Seski pic of where are on Oregon150. or post Facebook and tag.
Lu Lu's Beehive is packed right now. Great show !!
Head is pounding body aching and I can barely breathe....oh and I can't take any medicine
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 47
I strayed your #someday perfume on today in honor of you. I love u. Happy 18th xx
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
I heard sometime in August, but there will be a small preview in June.
I wish it was sunny......I like the rain and all but I wanna go outside
yumay! I havent had wings for a while :/
Keep Milwaukee Radio great, and local culture strong! Donate to during their spring pledge drive. Go to wmse.org or call 414-799-1917
Back at the scene of the "crime" and no where near as nervous this time.
I wish Someone would take a knife and stab me with it . This day won't end .
Bye week for Sporting KC, why not get your fix with Sporting Reserve game! 6pm Swope park - That's 45 minutes from now! Let's GO!
I am listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM while Karen and Lee and watches the Knicks and Nets on the Yes Network
Good morning america. How is everyone doing today
#OloYogurt is only .18 cents/ouce today to celebrate leap year, get to Nob Hill & have THE BEST FroYo in the West!
Im too fuckin nice
he won you over with that incredibly soft blanket didn't he?
just glad to know you all right.
happy birthday soror!
Best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. 2nd best time is today. Take action on the life of your dreams today!
Differing views on #healthcare - let's hear more about
I did a survey for my MA thesis a few years ago, and most people didn't know they would lose the right to their work in 7 years.
Marcel Dzama! Awesome violent bicycle riders.
Love it when Fridays are terrific and productive
Today's BTU inspiration: "Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world... Same world." ~Wayne Dyer
Austin is Sexy and I RT ;) :D
I know what I want to say, I just am not sure how or even if I should say it.
Watching Soul Surfer, amazing story. is the definition of inspiration.
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear i cheated on you
haha please we all know the truth bout which state is better ha dude I'll have to make a road trip out there! Ha
I heard they signed Andrew Bogut today too?
oh no!
Hope to meet you. Volunteering with Tim Love and then get to enjoy!
that time i sprained my ankle and had to sit in the library all the time and some girl stole my crutches lol
They're usually pretty good about sending the info to . We'll check with Col. Lopardi. Thanks!
Hey, at least you have a standing offer if you ever need it ;)
cutting the ribbon in openings of giant buildings and Taco Bells
I can't live without you.
Thank you for sharing your story and Happy Birthday to Serenity!
Sometimes hitting the town at night with the windows down singing Bieber to your dog is just what you need
When someone you love hurts you, it hurts 15686030275950595589 times more than when its just another idiot
and the IRC channel is dead. Any evidence that this will change soon?
Any advice for Americans traveling to Beirut?
daily show - last night's debate. "I know him"
i think you left your bag here..either you or tanner.
If you don't have a good interface, your ideas will die. #Facebook understands how users use the platform based on consumer testing.
So it appears people are already lining up for registration a day early for rw24. Maybe ill just be a spectator this year,
hope all is well in the Land of Enchantment. Cold today
If Nicks in Dallas and I bump into him i'll be saying that Loves him. :)
If you're trying to think of ways to loosen those hip flexors, we have some thoughts...
nice one... I heard ULTRA is going to Korea in August! Maybe we'll meet there! :0/
it's fine, aha (: thanks! You'll probably get emailed tomorrow!
i dont believe in 11:11, i believe in having faith
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you!
I would say A until you B.
Davy Jones performed Rainy Jane on American Bandstand on this day in 1971.
Today was so good - sleeping in, long walk in the park, burgers and margaritas... happy.
looking forward to Women of Faith "IMAGINE" conference this weekend in St. Pete...follow me on Twitter
You are awesome. You had me crying and laughing through your preachings.
true true :) so how was volleyball?
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow myy new one
Too lazy to do my hair tonight.
our book-loving dog Layla, and I participated in the #readMob at the #STL #Arch #WBNAmerica ... can you see us?
New Photos are up.... www.colonialsphotosbyjen.shutterfly.com
Good morning guys :) Have a great day! #HappyHalloween! :) Have fun!!!
First Competition in Tallahasse soon (: , going to Orlando this weekend ?
And nudity RT : The HBO version of The Ten Commandments would be Egyptian Game Change with Ramses Cheney and Nefretiri Palin.
If you die on an elevator be sure to push the up button...
#6wordfilmplots Hacker Jesus saves us from robots.
that's cute. Make an interesting story about it now
Seeing police blockages up on Broadway..
miss you too sissy :( I be home on the 13th but only 5 days
absolutely! They should be ready by tomorrow afternoon for pick up. Chris will confirm w/you.
JUST CAME BACK FROM MY FIRST CHEERLEADING TRYOUT!!!<3 WOAAHH IT WAS SO MUCH FUNN :P
Like a game of chess, I predict your moves.
party starts at 4 let me know if u wanna come I'll give u the details
The Nuggets could use a little of that magic. A shoddy show last night.
Just imagine how upset people on the internet are going to be when Facebook buys Caine's Arcade.
Not the sharpest knife in drawer. Terminally naive. Neighborhood nymphomaniac. Gals. Broad.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. -
Don't bypass a town where there's a friend
Finally updated my computer to OS x 10.6 and Photoshop CS5 now im excited!!!
can we just get the boys to ellen now?
Thanks for the RT! Will we be seeing you all at the luncheon?
yeah you gotta be a colonel fan now for real
Hope all of you #littlemonsters had a great memorial day.
Checking out www.bethemessage.com.
still at Jade's (:
Really pumped for another Everest show in San Francisco! March 4th @ The Independent
oh, that's cool
Sanctuate! will be on Channel 6's tomorrow (3/29, 9am) - see our in action & watch for a special offer!
He found time to engage me, and to change me every day.Coco Chanel
yes we did
Add birthday wishes from Candy and Simon in Boston.
I don't even know where to begin. This sucks.
I'm on my way to Gug. It's raining
Love ! Quickly became one of my favorite sites!
If the goal is no feedback, then say nothing
yea it sucks :-(
i bet u is, i'll get dat gangsta out u, ask yo friend girl
Could you please tell me how I dress as awesome as you? Please! I have some parties coming up and I like to dress nice.
I love 7on7 ha. It's at Lindsey so we may see y'all!
- I'm feeling the RT love, TY!
Doing fake drum solos with Solomon. Yall youtube this guy if you haven't already "Sol Philcox"
LOL I thought of you selling cream on QVC or HSN, then thought those prob not around anymore. But see it on Telemundo at night
Mangia will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day 12 - 9!!!
Congrats again!
Going to bed early sucks. But if I don't, i'll regret it tomorrow... Well i'm tired
This morning's ride was just perfect. Nice breeze, nice temp, even nice drivers. Should have biked right past work...
the amazing one
All this college conference realignment talk is driving me further away from college sports. As if anyone believes it is still amateur.
So jealous of my #libschool colleagues who have this semester done &dusted. 24 hours of mad-dash paper writing left for me.
Thanks for the follow AfricanBurialGround (AFBurialGrndNPS)! :)
praying for you this summer! Wilderness Ranch is holy land. Enjoy!
Air con cranked on this bus. It's only 70F/21C outside. Hardly worthy of freezing AC...
HOW GREAT IS IT TO SEE SPENCE BACK IN RF AGAIN?!?!?!
RT : 90% of America is working class
jay just made Bob knight look stupid
Waiting for the day my mom doesn't start a conversation with "Dr. Oz says"
Send us an e-mail
: what makes you think I didn't want you.??
I love martinis especially chocalate
i be telling niggas sometime just because you doing bizz with a fine chick that dont mean you got to holla all the time
Sitwell Looks Surprised #ArrestedDevDerbyNames (Ok, that's my last one. Enjoyed this excercise way too much.)
Countin money all I seem to hear is benji talkin
I want to meet someday!!
she's a cutie pie.. <U+0001F49C> that kid to death..
What program is this?
great night at the Dell Diamond, dollar hot dogs in the Bypass Lane
Gota b more productive
Is stoked! Had an audition as "Suburban Mom" for Transformers 3 yesterday! Woo hoo!
I've been practicing hip hop all day in my head omg
not a cloud in the sky!
What are your chip stacks? I want in on the LL, I only have 20500
the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th pieces all had female performers. Still the ratio was less than general pop. True about the audience.
Anyone else think Dr Pepper tastes like flat Cherry Coke? Ugh.
Putting together a 'Lindsay gets domestic against every fiber of her being' mix. Song ideas?
And a special thx to all the staff and volunteers that helped donate sweat and time 2 make this a grt event!
Fredi said no and the #braves get out to a 2-0 lead in the first.
FOLLOW MEH PLEASE??
JTP is about to blow alot of minds! So much Talent, Amazing Songs and Amazing team!!! JTP!!! Singles Coming Outta Everywhere Soon!! JO-WAYNE
Another class with a hashtag! For all #pq499 followers, time to jump on the #jour462 bandwagon for comm. law related tweets!
I was too until I OD'd on them haha oh well can never have enough garlic in my book!
Need a little live music in your life? Jeff Campbell, and Keith Moody will be here Tuesday May 8 for a night of live music. May 8 $5
Officially completed my first year of college and I get to spend time with and <3333
Please forward this on FB, Twitter and email to everyone you know. I will be in contact
Don't under tip a waiter just because the food is bad, he didn't cook it.
All of NY's wearing their sportscolored sportsclothes for the big sportsparade.
We forgot to tweet during our #24HourPlayFest b/c we were so busy, but had an unforgettable time with friends old and new alike!
pretty please trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
I know - it is a sad day for us Patriots and RedSox fans ... Take Care ...
RT ": Take away the QBs.. Give me the one player that will make THE difference in Super 46"
Happy Valentine's Day! To Commit, Trust, Love and Forgive. These are the 4 choices that saved my marriage!
#inspiration - Individuals are the architects of their own destinies. Follow your dreams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
I'm watching a really good Spanish movie (with English subtitles of course) in Spanish class. I wish you were there to explain it
In the process of clearing my email inbox down to zero in order to be more productive and focused when I come to work.
Kids don't need us to grade the clicks or tricks, just the process and content.
I can go for dime head right now..
Approaching our 1 year anniversary on our new platform! Thanks to all of our artists who are a part of solopiano.com!
Thanks Renata! Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway from Sephora Inside JCPenney
Im bout hungry AF
If you don't want to talk to me, just tell me. I won't be offended.
Goodnight Seouls. I've been on all day and I have to get up early tomorrow. n.n ttyl~
I'm just to legit for words. You'll be screaming my name one day. Just watch.
Thats a perfect gift, hope u recieve it.
Race changed to human on my mage, the game has lost some appeal to me.
Team members from all over the world are in Singapore this week for our first Dell Worldwide Imaging Marketing & Sales Summit.
who's Shane?
I hope you get to come to the house...you're one of my favorite of sissy's friends ;) haha
it might b all of them, but I went 2 the one on rockside in beford.
Huge black spider ambling cross the kitchen floor. Quoth the swatter, nevermore.
Have you been in a cave?? ;)
I am the ow in the word now!
just had a physical done and got a good ole 2 finger salute from the DR damn getting old sucks
BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them.
I just really wanna be involved in that, like booking tours and managing bands and all okay how fun would that be
Times are hard but life is good. Thank God for everyone I love and everyone that loves me!
man Marv you late on the tweet game.. We been here done this lol
Out WSOPC Event 5. Coming back Saturday to play the main event.
don't tempt me lol
congrats on the overwhelming launch ;) chaos makes for a good start
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
My hair sheds so much im like a dog
'YOLO' is pretty annoying....
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx & Salva as part of a Do Lab event!
Cheers Family Travel Gurus #FF:
Glad to see Kelly Clarkson shed her Jan Brady look from Super Bowl last week for tonight's #Grammys. another forgettable moment from
Yikes! Done.
I can't tell you how much I love making music!
Just got finished with the hair and makeup !
Now I know why I wasn't ready to leave the house. But I need to.
So if I ask for a hug today will I get anther excuse of jow I'm not good enough can. U just for once tell me. I'm perfect the way I am....
Lakers gone lose
Really wish he used #DealWithItDogGIF MT : I officially endorse ! If he's not your favorite candidate
oh genial jejeje
Gross MT : Chick-fil-A's Chicken Sandwich has TBHQ, a preservative found in perfumes. There's evidence it causes cancer.
is guna walk to school no more rides for him! Lol(:
Just announced! First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
I can't seem to find the tequila at this Bar 'mitzvah...really there Jewish mexicans>_<
Great lineup for 's event Thur at Civic Center. How media covers #OccupySD. Details at www.spjsandiego.org.
congrats on your first ~ glad you had a good time!
interviewed a really interesting and thought provoking film maker yesterday. Alex Rivera, check out his debut feature film "Sleep Dealer"
U SO UGLY
Thanks so much. Exciting opportunity and great people! Happy Holidays!
i love wikipedia, saves my life everyday
TUESDAY Special!!! 14" Pie for only $8.99!! All Day, Every Tuesday
....phone's off....Betrayel!
How does not LEAD it's broadcast w/ injustice of #TrayvonMartinMurder? They close w/ it so U can turn off b4 it airs.
I feel like cryin
Messing around with my new phone from . First thing I did was watch chocolate rain. Works great so far.
Love for my boys! Go
Wait for the iPhone 5 to come out next month. Since you already have an iPad, the OS will be a piece of cake!
Aww man! :( Can you get it back?
Exactly. I am now searching for the "Poor Betty" account, backlash to the backlash.
It's finally here Summer camp 2011 registration is now open YEEEEHAAAAAWWWW
East Village Body Shop - 620 Eighth Ave. San Diego 92101 (619) 269 6372. Call to schedule a class or go online www.eastvillagebodyshop.com.
Grindr was fun but it only made me realize how all of the #OrlandoGays have pretty much fucked each other.
That is a bummer.
You ARE going to the beach tomarrow. If I have to take you out ur little window I will
Do you want people to present at the Boston one?
Me Two and I have to leave in 10 min
Everything is always perfect at Hollywood Arts. (;
Wow. 0_o NEVER knew there were so many "Expert" Marketers on Twitter.
If I wasnt with my dad earlier I woulda been like where my money bitch. Lucky it's only 5, puto.
thanks for the plays and that like.
I wish Eminem was my dad...
LOVE the article about female anglers! It was a great read!
u flaw
if you want a entrance song written for your opening walk in/ walk out...let me know
We should grab coffee and discuss in more than 140 chars sometime. Oy vey... How's your January?
whoa wtf. That's awesome!
ALLNIGHTER IN THE LAB WITH AND
aha, okay(:
prince said what gotta know
Don't forget it's Princeton Farmer's Market Thursday! Only a couple of weeks left. Come on out and visit us...the weather is beautiful!
Don't know if you qualify for a mortgage? Call me & I'll put you in touch with a mortgage professional! It's not as hard as you think.
When did Missed Connections get so boring?
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly. -Marcus Licinius Crassus
Thanks bud - back at you.
Lots of ways to get rid of a headache. But yeah if you haven't slept by now, you should probably hit the hay :-P
When you have to be some where on time the one thing you can not trust is the
So excited to see present at #NewTech tonight! Love Karla!
e's voice recognition...
I love Chris Broussard he knows what he's talking about hell always have the heats back
Yes, it's true.I grew up around a majority of the famous iconic music celebs that most idolize!My subconcious was privy to their highs/lows
Kay One <U+2665>
84 degrees today. Wow.
Wishing Everyone A Beautiful New Years this coming 2012 With lots of LOVE And many opportunities for everyone to Enjoy
I'd hate it if it was 5x a day, but since it's over 10 it makes me wanna move to Canada or something
they are
#Bulls tonight!!! Let's make it 2-0!!!
Haha, they're playing Best Love Song - T-pain ft. Chris Brown LOVE IT!
yeah and I'm sure the QB has had nothing to do with that. Lol I think you're in for a pleasant surprise
too much going on...
Started judging the 2012 SIIA CODIE Awards. Amazing products out there!
Do you know what Lemetria is...? Do you know what Cargan is? ;)
What you learn from Pinterest: any odd, frumpy 80s outfit looks awesome with Instagram-like filters on it
Happy and healthy new year to all.
not the answer I'm lookin
haha. Oops :p
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
#ConfessionHour It's too late for me to be awake tweeting at this hour.
World Peace should go to the UFC with a elbow like that.
Oh decisions decisions
Congrats ladies! RT Our We're thrilled to be working with the heavenly
last retweet is exactly what i've been saying all playoffs
LMFAO I DIDN'T KNO THIS EAS UR BACKUP ACCOUNT WHY AM I SO SMART
wat u do
oh I'm sorry did u try putting ice on it??
Anybody else just throw up a little in their mouth watching the Nelly replay?
I had a great day with she surprised me with cake and flowers:) I love her<3:)
we probably could've accomplished this faster over the phone. :)
Having my son passed out on my chest is the best way to waste time I can possibly think of.
The shit I get vicky into :')
Soo tired and still a long ways to go
they have it, I bet it's just updating but we'll take care of you, email us.
I told Mitch he be smoking wet , this nigga gone say , just ah lil not to much . Tf ? lol
Currently addicted to
Might be getting addicted to series.
The Olympics Pulse - Orange UK News
I think the other videos are where you go to find answers to Schism.
More pontification without understanding, pleeze! This is the Internet!
Finals finals and finals.... It's killing me... Ready to get over with...
Marianne Williamson quote actaully, but yes a good one lol
Said I was going to shave my face because of the heat....welp, that doesn't seem to be happening...definitely growing a beard smh lol
The duty of helping one's self in the highest sense involves the helping of one's neighbors. ~Samuel Smiles
Cheese, Wine, and a Friend, must be Old to be Good.. ##
Justin bieber has the cutest nose I could just kiss it lol
a nigga really just tried to "pssst" me though
so good
$20 credit for $75 spent expires tomorrow. Must. Go.
vh1 love &Hip hop Miami reality show has been shooting down here this week and weekend shit has been so crazy plus fashion week.
one course down. now just wonderful grad final projects to read!
oh I should have tagged that #nnlm ;)
#YOFIA yupp, we're gonna take the trends again.
is watering the grass with his sweat.
#bizforum Response time PLUS quality of response is important. Have to balance both.
Happy Thursday everyone, its a lovely day in the city!
I think I'm too late for that. Mimi's it is!
<U+201C>: Nothing and no one, no matter how glorious, will ever satisfy a heart designed for God.<U+201D>
#IAlwaysWonderIf I annoy you when I talk to you.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. ~ W. Churchill<U+201D>
RT : #youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around
Just caught myself watching the show Castle, which is terrible by the way. I got sucked in by Dancing With The Stars. Well done, ABC.
School tomorrow <
Oh is that all it takes! Perfect.
Dad ** RT : I hate when my mom lies about shit
#betoorourke explains he is going door to door to hear what people of the community care about. He will represent those interests.
We did! Sorry I haven't gotten back to you yet. If we decide to print it, I will definitely let you know. Thank you, so much.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer42
As we all know Rock & Roll ain't suppose to be pretty. Hell, you are better looking than Keith Richards any day.
How did Roshon get two 10s and Donald Driver got none!? They even got more than Maria and Derek!
good luck!! Its really hard!!
Women are really easy. Don't text or call me all today. Don't suffocate me. Just send a hey beautiful in the morning and you'll get it all.
On my way to Catalina Island for a mini vacation before I'm back at Super Club tonight :)
so true!
thanx for playin baylor..your gimmicky jerseys suck worse than you.
Heading back to the Fountain Hills Great Fair. Then over to FH Community Theater to see 'Our Town'. Enjoy.
Im going to attack and fat ass tensai with a chair
It's not about where you have been, its about where your going
My mom loved what I gave her <3 ilove my mon ^.^
Ottawa is definitely a tough team and going to their home field is gonna be tough for you guys
Okay, I guess I'm not going to my game today.... Considering I should be there now....
aww. I love all history.
Jorts are a great way to let people know that you are not getting laid
Deifnitely interested. Ping andrew [at] simplegeo [dot] com /cc
i keep losing followers. :(.
you be rocking brother much love.
Hey Follow Me Here :)
Happy Easter!
your Beautiful <3
If you don't mind me asking what is EGO's? Also can I friend you on Facebook?
<U+201C>: Bad Bitch With A Smart Mouth >>>>><U+201D> THAT'S ME ALL THE WAY
Thanks! Have a great dayt too!
This all seems oh so familiar
Waiting for my flight w/college kids heading somewhere warm for spring break. I miss the days I didn't have to work for a living.
Tom Izzo in statement: "I<U+2019>m almost embarrassed by some of the acts of support, but I<U+2019>m certainly touched... My heart was always at MSU."
I ain't got shit to do tomorrow so I'm up all night
there I was now here I am, changed
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. ~Henry David Thoreau
SPURS UP 50-40 AT THE HALF
see! I'm not crazy. Lmao. They're like... Hypnotizing...
thats to bad
Or both! Wine and salad would hit the spot. :)
Aw, I just saw that you gave me one a month ago. Had no idea! Thanks :)
When nothing goes right... Go left
Keep Pushin Bro!
haaha lmfao! i think tay was referring the green giraffe to a tree 0.o i'm not entirely sure..nor will i ever be for that matter
Coming to the #Brentwood area for Violet Crown tomorrow? Stop by! We're having a designer sidewalk sale! 11a-5p Sat-Sun.
...you can't throw and hit the base
Thanks for the words Michael.
When gets asked out in aisle 6 of King Kullen
gone with less than a word moaned in my ear; significant for a spell might become deafening secular movement of a lifetime
Text marketing - Come in tonight and get $7 off dinner for two! 20 customers that wouldn't normally be there show up!
Lol. How are you Ksper? Good to hear from you!
Getting ready for this week's #OAI7 meeting in Geneva.
And then my computer turned back on. Thank the lord
Lmao she tell u everything that's Ur wife she won't say nothing to me know more
the y is yahoo, and the i e is intel. and i think the a with a black circle might be aol.
In solidarity with the #DreamAct5 for their courage to be arrested and risk deportation in the name of education. Pass the
<U+201C>: Become a nail artist. #bucketlist<U+201D> 's future job.
how about the captain/partner ?? Another game winner - lead by example
Welcome to Twitter!
Live on Wild Out Wed. BRYCE HARRIS Behind Scenes Instudio: via
And I felt violated RT : JuSt motorboated ...
u should go to a lake or sea & find some sea turtles to save
What happened last night?
Please send thanks to for creating a spectacle, now seeing more traffic on #OccupyNashville than ever before.
celebrated cinco de mayo with a spinach quesadilla, rice, beans, and a deelicious pi<U+00F1>a colada
First time riding - I can't tell if their boarding process is genius or needlessly different. Seats are comfortable though.
#NowReading: A Monument to Good Intentions: The Story of the MD Penitentiary, 1804-1995 by Wallace Shugg. #MdHSPress!
Congrats on your pregnancy!
pretty girls w. ugly toes oh no !
Oh Ted, I love you so <U+0001F49C>
So... what happened to Tagliani before the two biggest idiots wrecked?
Sometimes its easier to pretend your happy rather than explain why your not.
Check out The Ruby Room 2nite. Hip Hop, Adult beverages and beautiful women. Nuff said
Hahahaha. Did you make crystal do it?
you thank him?
Come Farragut on these tacos Farragut Square, or be square!
hola, cafecito w/ ur favorite cubanito... what do u say? get on the next flight to paradise ;-)
happy thanksgiving!!
lol a while ago but we were talking about it lol
Agree!": lols it's just a hair style in that case nicki minja stole brandys hair style then"
hey girl!
EYE TUNES
Fairfax Electronics to launch Dealer Program in May. Leads leads leads
shock me like a fucking eel
Operation CLEAN ALL THE APARTMENT or Operation Granola Bars? I think Granola Bars first. Then wine. Then tipsy cleaning.
probably not. Y? Would you actually wanna be kicked in the nuts?
Apologies for not being clear. twitter and facebook #s refer to the number of followers you have.
U Already
I'm such a procrastinator
I'm a short mf
I like how last year everybody was like tebow nation.. Now they forgot about him and got Peyton manning
The lady at wells fargo didn't setup my dad's memorial account correctly. Stay tuned for correct info on how to donate.
As soon as my following to followers ratio is better I will follow you. Twitter has me on lock down at the moment.
RT : excited for a fun filled night in #HK for my #BIRTHDAY! dinner and then many drinks! YAASSSS!
I'm finding Timothy Egan's book on the Dust Bowl, "The Worst Hard Time," a fascinating read so far.
I'm pretty sure this chick just farted in the elevator.
hey alex, you know html?
have you? Lol
sure was a tease! i won't be by TV for 6news. can u tell me what casino? not a gambler, want to know 4 personal reasons- will tell you
Gear comes in Tuesday, expect some liveness & new mixes next week!
I am seriously starting to like Emily Osment.
oh is the state fair here now? I need to look into that- did you end up going??
lol this dude on fb is just stupid.
Thank you! Have a great day too!
Not sure when they finally got auto-locking. I left security in 91 to become weather & rarely drove cool vehicles after that
relapse indicators RT : Q9 general crankiness, endless hunger for anything outside yourself to feel better,
Breaking a small ankle bone or ripped ligaments sucks before heading to work... Lmfao thank god I have a huge pain tolerance...
I wanna go see the Blue Man Group!
I like purple unicorns
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there in the twitterverse
Oh how I miss u but I can't admit it!
Do it! One of us might as well be physically fit.
awesome! Totally, let's try after sxsw.
that is true, nothing wrong with cutting "friends" from the roster. Female friends are a tricky proposition.
A second #Liveperformance by A Thousand Shades of Cold on
My wireless network is frustrating me!
Having food stuck in your teeth with no floss handy <<<<<
Only 3 more days until Halloween weekend!
Thanks for your order of the Tiao He Cleanse!!! Let me know which one u like better from the CleanStart to Tiao He!
Well, here we go 1.5 hours until we play one of the best teams in the nation. Good luck boys and thanks &
pizza/hookah/movie night? :)
yay! successful shopping day with mom, and tux selection is complete!
huhum am 18 if I may say! :-D
Vince-sanity
hah yeah no argument there :)
how we ganna do this best ball with 5 people? Mike might have to be on his own team haha
woo hoo, although I can only remember faces for a couple
to bad at 's background on her phone is
thanks for the support
ha! RT:If Facebook & Twitter accts make you a social media expert then I guess my toaster & microwave make me an expert cook.
i'm pretty sure he's asleep right now.. haha
RT Me too <U+0001F614> RT : I am really missing my sister thought you 2 would be married by now...
They said we would never make it ...27 years and counting Nancy and I are out to prove them wrong. Love that girl and her dog Belle too!
yes I agree...it gives me headaches
She erased the National Championship game from the DVR.
lol!!! What I tell you? His first album was called "I'm gay" -_-
It's so pretty and big. The picture made it look small
correction has been made, thanks again for the heads up.
You're very welcome, Andy! Thanks for coming and supporting a sista in her css work :)
Only a few more tix available for me! Get 'em while they're hot!
Completely thrown by diff looks of judges on #TheVoice tonight. Cee Lo? Is that u? But Christina looks flat out hot.
Have you heard the new Killer Mike yet?
Check us out today at 4pm with Shawna D on Power 109.9
oh, so you just waitin on a call back
S/o to the women playin yall position
Never take a person's age or proximity to retirement into account when making decisions on hiring, firing, pay, benefits or promotions
I don't feel like doing anything today, but some moves must be made
Doing the final tweaks on the new site. It's looking GREAT! Finally go live this weekend.
&#39;Reasons Why You Should Study In a Christian College ...
well that's just not very nice...but at least I can say my team has a chance to hoist Lord Stanley's Cup. :-)
would you like me to make a WeLoveGhostMIW? I have another account with 300 followers I barely use anymore it was for the old
Ok, I shouldn't laugh, but that IS funny.
and I have no one. So don't come at me
I need to be asleep right now, but I'm at work. DAMN
Hoping to add 6 new recipes by the end of the week, including the Dunkelweizen we have on tap next door! (It's delicious!)
Word...will do.
Study shows that people who often eat chocolate weigh less than those who eat it less often.
lol with these tweets
I need both
RT : Don<U+2019>t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them! <U+2013>C.J. Walker #quote /via
After the NYS Legislature established UB on this date in 1846, future president Millard Fillmore became its first chancellor!
Wanna wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday?? :D
aw damn, I was def gonna do that haha
thanks Emily!!!
Uh Oh The Look Aite
i fuckin adore twitter
thanks for the kind words and for joining us!
Ouch! LOVE IT! And yes. Perhaps a Turkish bath. For a little variety. Love me some
UNLV you are aware you aren't playing the LOBOS at the PIT right?
Whiskey Bar tonight!
um i&#39;m desensitized don&#39;t forget about my x
Let's do this ! Indy's about to get dirty, yo! Let's hope I don't die!
Inactive for next 24, blazing and posting kony posters
Sean McGrath killed it, Levi Ware is currently killing it, and Brad Loomis and the Resonance is about to kill it.
I always forget that hype doesn't always equal anything at all. Some bands are just boring.
I'm in LA now! Are you taking care of ? You know how he gets himself into situations...HAHA!
Fueling up then off to brave the crowds for holiday shopping
I kinda see that, I think the problem is an overall lack of fundamental values and sense of community
What can I say? The kid basically created the "get discovered via " musician marketing plan- Gotta respect that:)
Free hot dogs! Look for our booth now next to Pioneers Museum. And while you're there, let's talk issues.
Thanks to #ChinaAnneMcClain, star of "Ant Farm" for her 5 STAR review of Actsophia Lite - "It helped me be an actress I got the part!"
Lowkey it surprises me how oomf is highly religious
They'll be out by 2014 or so.
O will be watching!
Thanks, Andy!
Who wants a Happy Hour this Friday?! Tweet us the Places Page URL to your favorite #HH spot so we can decide on one!
I miss you,
Slugs and snails are after me
Found out we got a $20k grant, great way to start off a Friday!
What's wrong with dudes? Like for real.
Chilly day? Fresh Thyme, hot water and a little honey makes a great tea and is good for respiratory conditions such as coughs and bronchitis
Thank you my Linkedin friend. pfb
This dude helping me paint this story we having coming to yall in June. Journey To
the truth for any problems
Great. Roz will be there starting on Thursday for a spell. Would love to see you.
Very Special Thanks to Ivan Messer for demonstrating his TIME featured, Florida home theater for us. Quality experience beyond description.
Preparing for #entourage tonight? The Man's Soap opera.
As the grace grows nearer my theology is growing strangely simple, and it begins and ends with Christ as the only Savior of the lost
I am so happy that WON!
Dear Spammers, I hate Walmart, so any spam you send my way will be soundly ignored.
Thanks Derek!
Tweeting about traffic on my account. Come on by!
Wow..I am being inducted into Les Dames d'Escoffier in May! What an honor. I'm sort of speechless (for once!)
Alicia <U+2665> And you Kaylee ? Kaylee is the most georgeous name.<U+2665>
hell yeah!
pretty great actually ! But, imma try to go to sleep now (: good night !
#Team29 RT Who will be the best pit crew tonight?
Never mind i find someone like u...Damn!!!!
I've ALWAYS busted moves alone . I AINT NEVER has a clique . gorilla zoe ! mfs call me for help .
hahah i know victor!!
Yes! Finally getting to take an class!
#NMRealEstate 9 would be more difficult for me. I will work with whatever you decide.
My beard itches
Madame Pele does a fiery dance with the evening sky
observing my current state of mind & heart -> then openly expressing that. RE: What's your secret for keeping the spark alive?
Bynum gets the triple double. Kobe gets another 30-point game.
45 min to kickoff!
Hi there I would to upgrade to the VIP monthly membership and was wondering if you could give me a coupon and/or bonus sign up code?
ugh Im soo jealous, what are you getting?
Bout to open me a golden coral on 3rd & center.
time to buy the jersey of our future 15 sack pro bowler
Banana cream pie and homemade alphabet soup. All I need is some merica sunshine, a tape measure, and 4 green skittles #perfect day
I'm going out on a limb and saying if the #Bulls win tonight's game, they will go on and win the series, remember this tweet
Breakfast is good.
boring night! ready for tomorrow
Wiebe & Braska are the grandsons of Hall of Fame golf coach Roger Wiebe, who coached 4 boys & 2 girls state championship golf teams @ West.
if you could tailgate for Bucks games, people would go. If you took tailgating away from baseball the Brewers disappear too.
Up early today.. Glad we have a couch now!
In surreal publishing news, Stephen Colbert has sold I AM A POLE (AND SO CAN YOU!) from his interview with Maurice Sendak.
Dessert. Sticky Toffee pudding with coconut& butter pecan ice cream.
Keeping my fingers crossed, you guys.
Austin sounds like an angel
not sure about retirement and disability plus it was a different world when founded with 4 payors per payee
For real? I've never been there but have been wanting to. Filet is my fave.
My Bestfriend hasn't called me for 2 days, or has been going to school. Wtf is going on.She said things wouldnt change but they already have
Up for the week! Get to louie. The sun is shining and the patio is ready for great customers
Teresa's brand of crazy officially has become not entertaining - this chick is in need of serious therapy. And an English tutor.
thanks for the love!!
"Feel like I'm Martin Luther! DREAM big until the DEATH" -#Avenue snappin!!
Alays interesting to find out who watches public television.... :-)
My teacher is talking about strippers & pornstars in class ._.
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival located at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
Studio flow!!!
set up a presentation thru for social
Those so-called "job creators" are doing a really BAD job, Mr. Bush. Where are the jobs?
Congrats! That should last at least a few minutes.
I'm fascinated by the correlation b/ween progress in #arttherapy and #language development.Want 2 learn so much more!
Reports of Kevin Youkilis on the field at Fenway playing catch. Some type of good news for the #RedSox?
right next to the corner office - my boss' office - will she be next in my battle for Indiana Tourism Office Domination? ;)
LOL. Truth. So help me.
We've just started #RVA! It's not raining in the 23220 zip code so COME ON OUT! #BlackLove Fest TODAY!
OMG STOP BLOWING UP MY PHONE. I JUST WANNA LIVE MY LIFE.
I've actually never had either but mine are Blue Mist and Safari Melon Dew. They hit so smooth.
Can u imagine Steve Jobs shut out? Not many great ideas have PRESS by their side or finances. Silently, many use personal funds.
I better not get dress coded tomorrkw
Happy Friday
<U+201C> TONIGHT brand NEW episode of La La's #FULLCOURTLIFE on at 9pm! We hook up on a few dates!! Gonna be a good one! RT<U+201D>
I swear I'm a lesbian on the inside
* i like Asap Rocky , Currency , drake , wale . . . .just to name a few .
Let's go Pacers!
Proud of you guys! ": #pdxcc12 is donating leftover food from the conference to St. Vincent de Paul"
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck!
Missin my queen,she need to hurry up and come home...I love you bae
I learnt how to stitch yo yo's in my textiles lesson today
I used to live in Hawaii actually haha, tickets are too expensive at the moment. But def. planning to go soon! What's your deal?
i hate when at night time, my contacts dry out super fast & make everything so blury. :|
Happy Birthday to the best BBQ in town! #yum RT Quick's turns 48 years old this week!
I can assure you our site is legit, it's our goal to have the lowest prices on the web, and most of the time, we succeed!
Spent a happy hour playing Machinarium with my 9yo daughter. Reminds me of Out of This World.
I CANNOT get "call me maybe" outta my head. THIS IS CRAZY!
Will come in handy for F.P./Bob Drunjapalooza RT : Parting gift from the blog team, which is the best team.
A tradition can be cultural. A habit can be a tic.
#IfITellYou i love you, will you promise to love me too? <3
Carb-loaded and sleepy. Half n the AM <U+0001F3C3>
Today I saw a homeless man sitting on a fire hydrant knitting a pink and purple scarf. MLINY
Aww my poor babay is sick.. Get better :) LOVE YOU
Take heart, you are not alone! That is the only comfort I enjoy at present.
... after heels lose 2morrow u can write a human interest piece for about your bro-in-laws magic bracket :)
"Tomas Alfredson, Joe Cornish, Duncan Jones, and Cary Fukunaga were all also shortlisted for the job." We can all blame X-Men for this.
hahaha dan its all fault right?
At the Surly Goat celebrating my boy Derrick's birthday! Loved seeing & Brent tonight!
Haha that would have been great :] And that's awesome, I'm glad you like the stuff! We'll have some new stuff for ya too soon!
It's hard to beat fresh Prima Pils on a warm day
Sorry to hear, Chad. Prayers to you and your family.
Biggest surprise of the confrontation #Pacers players got in at an Orlando bar: a TMZ camera was following Kyrylo Fesenko
RT SB Nation Fantasy Evans is out Sunday, which means another T Smith start. If you got him off waivers, u prep. to start him?
Did you know we had MLB All-Stars, Olympians, and a world champion boxer on campus this weekend? Read about it in today's Point Weekly!
The next person who dares to suggest that a punching bag is as emotionally rewarding as smashing furniture is getting a chair to the jaw.
Financial constraints force several nursing homes to close their doors
Can't even give me the time of day to punctuate... DAMN
looking forward to seeing you there!
the gentleman fixing our plumbing is wearing suspenders that look like yellow measuring tape
of course they say that - saying & being another matter ~ 25% of teens say they're in top 1% of leaders.
Wasted bottle of remy cuz u wanna act stupid..ill drink it myself
Ok , time for you to get into the airline tix business. The customer experience today is broken.
you Austin mahONE in a million(; <U+2764>
Here comes the tarp at Progressive Field as the rain continues to pour down.
Yoooo, 20 years since The chronic was released?! No way..... Pulls out cd
Lmao smh RT I struggle trying to go downstairs
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? :D
But still it seemed like Scherzer was as bad as Garcia.
Don't forget to mark you calendars for May 11-13 for our Mother's Day Plant sale.Exclusive heirloom plants & seedling from the CP garden.
Dwidle your toes under a man's nose, after using a "Me oh my, Pumpkin Pie Ped/Pal Foot Scrubby,and he'll sure want to BITE YOUR TOES
Sunny in San Diego today! Much nicer than the 'June Gloom' over the last 2 days
Your welcome & thank you for the 'follow-back' :-)
well... you can turn on Private Browsing, then nothing is remembered locally... but Bing or Google remember everything.
Congratz 2 for coming back to Yankees. I hope you are a Yankee your whole life in your way to Hall Of Fame.
#IfItWasntForTwitter, we would of never been together.
watchin sex and the city...just classic.
Home a little early with a beer and a book on the deck. Not too shabby.
#EngineersWeek is officially underway! 7 humanoid robots just rocked out on stage! Check out the #robotics competition in the Main Building!
The big bowl was a huge success. Thanks to all the volunteers and participants!
YOU LOOK LIKE A KARDASHIAN!!!!
please please please I live you miss you! Come home now!
good but went home early cuz i didnt feel like doing anything hahah
it's treating me well, but it's gonna be a hard decision that keeps me up at night. Keep praying for me brotha.
what up lil bro
director Thomas Campbell in CA giving a #ted talk. Looking forward to hearing it.
Ha! Totally. This should have been an episode.
At every big black church, there's gonna always be a Reverend Dick em down.
. is an angry old man - just announced he's mailing his ballot home to NJ and voting to keep his city dry to keep out the "trash"
I would consider that... I don't see Blanton sustaining the performance. Then bring Oswalt back midseason
Anyone using a stylus with their ipad to take notes? Any recommendations on a good one?
I want to record my presentation. I really do. Dropbox for iPad, please show my presenter notes for my keynote!
Great basketball this afternoon. Celtics v. Knicks #linturnover? And Florida is giving Kentucky a run for its gumbo! We offer assists!
Who are your picks for NBA MVP and Coach of the Year? Lebron James and Tom Thibodeau seem to be the best options, all considered...
the correct answer is The Emperors New Groove
i just want one night full of DREAMS. not any crazy, out of the norm nightmares.
Set your camera before you let a stranger take a picture for you. Think, when you first got that camera. They're not used to the buttons
Work wit the crew tonite..
O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
aww thats sucks are u feeling better
Im trying to get my facebook back to how it was before >.<
#ReasonsToGetNaked............who needs a reason ?
How could you stay the same for me, but change for her??
I LOVE that thinks I'm most influential about steak. I don't eat steak. (yep probably all those Steak and Shake check-ins...)
Congrats! (And I'd like to think your purty website helped too... :-) )
You can get a good look at a butchers ass by sticking your head up there but wouldnt you rather take his word for it #OlensTips via Yingling
Tell your mom hello, and I love her and her book club too!
IT WAS!!!! It made me smile 'cause you NEVER see celebrities with zits! I felt bad because I think he noticed me looking at it
Hairy Christmas
RT : I'm in Austin for a month! It really is the perfect weather here right now... Pretty nice here in Dallas too.
I don't know. Waterboy sounds like a for sure thing, lets hope he's the next Bobby Boucher!
it aint no love in these streets !
Okay, what's going on here? Everything has vanished. What gives?
Everyone should watch Real Steel and In Time. Both real good movies I've seen then like 10 times. <U+E00E><U+E12A>
Don't know how well Marty could play without winning. Damn son. Get them in game 2.
text me back Holli! you need to come over. d:
that I of course agree with
I'm pretty excited! Waking up extra early to get them:)
Actually sticking to your diet plan <<<<<<<
Glad to hear it! Very happy that you're evaluating Argyle!
sounds wonderful :)
You're always invited to naked time :-)
Big day today!
Jus edited mi profile
Trying Ravish on Eastlake next Tuesday! I can't wait!
Hi Singers. New 3 week session starts Saturday. 2-4. Let us know if you are going to be there! Sing on!
Big incentive for sharing in an open community is establishing a reputation among peers:
I need running music for impending speed work. Suggestions, friends?
Someone tell me what's fun about cheating on Scramble With Friends??
is he hating on Herbie? For shame.
awesome that Ur in town !!! I will see you tomorrow !!!
Inside stanky butt psychology (dick in the booty ah) this teacher walk funny af
Really amazing night! Thank you for coming out to support ARNO! We will be donating almost $1000. THANK YOU!!!!!
Off to school
I dare you! ": I might be bold #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead .... I could make history lol"
This is probably the only time I'll ever use a Star Trek phrase...but when it comes to Lego batcave, Resistance is futile. Lol
that new track is hot!!! keep pushing... hit me when you get a chance.
Tonights intermission food topic...Baby Back Ribs or Smoked Brisket?
The dogs come and devour the bacon
It sucks when the only person who makes you feel better is also the reason why you always cry...
well I want some lasanga..lol..Do u cook
I'm so confused
hm what to do what to do..?
#SuccessfulHabits 87: Take some time off.
Can't stand the smell of air freshener.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. ---Martin Luther King, Jr
RT Thanks fans you were down right AWESOME today
You're surprised Mitt was a bully in high school? A son of privilege who made his money firing people? You're surprised?
Yay! I'm so thrilled to join the "family!"
Posted my first post on today. What a fun community! :)
Seattle the week of 11/14
I got a ticket! Will have to let you know how it goes!
Tell us about your business. Post your FB or website page here.
I was so excited to clean out my fridge, do dishes, and sort recycling this morning before work (late day). I'm a grownup now.
Everything's Good Bro. How 'bout Yourself?
Wanna volunteer for ? Volunteer Orientation TONIGHT at at 6pm. Help us pull off this ambitious and magical event.
I bet this girl that just rolled my burrito got major blunt Rollin skills
mine is starting to look like chicken scratch :/
RT : pick Bruce Irvin DE W Virginia
But the one student sleeping in the front row didn't need his laptop to help him not pay attention!
#BigBangTheory is THE BEST! I think it's already been renewed so I'm safe to say it out loud!
I got love for the tabbouli!
gotta buy packs so u always have one.
There are times I feel this team is on the right track.
had a great time at moe's with and #twitterless hayley!
the booking people don't email back :(
haha how funny. I have never made it. Was it easy to make?
I love you.
ooh strawberry and banana - top notch cereal!
1 day after my 1st day back N the gym n as suspected, I'm sore as fuck <U+0001F616>!!!
these kids couldnt get any more hyper
I nearby declare that all further film sets I work on must have a masseuse on hand :p
Agreed about the full fat dairy. It really does make a difference in the final results.
Do you see a fun carnival on Mira Mesa where the high school is? That looks fun and hopefully the rain won't upset when it's begun.
Traffic sucks ass
Picking romney over Ron Paul is like a $50 mil bet on Tonya Harding in a fight against Anderson Silva; or like putting make on zoo animals
Very true.
I have faith that everything happens for a reason and that before I notice, this too shall pass.
Hm, I need a cuddle x
How is Young fitting in with the Coogs?
RIP Adam Yauch :(
Pop-Up Dinner "Winter Spirits" coming soon....
And thus concludes my four month Twitter hiatus.
stupid autocorrect.. -.- & no! I fell off my bed!
thanks for the follow! Rutgers is one of my continuing and professional education clients, love working w/ your institution!
New song ft cap1 "racks n bands" tune in
I Want To Get Back With Shanley, Ima Ask Her Out On 11-11-11 That Would Really Be Special Day Then
Im more tired today than iv been in probably a year
Do what "Family Guy" does. Throw in some Conway Twitty.
I'll wear my dress flip-flops. RT : But keep flip flops. Business suit and flops ...now THAT'S an office statement!
Excited for tonight's panel discussion and to hear great local talent.
Things right now couldn't be any more perfect (: happiest I've ever been
Came wit ur shit on point or kp it moving to the next chick that's on that lazy shit like U.....
not tired...can't sleep.
I'm sure he's fine. You guys were so cute, but I wont mention it, k? :)
*Waves really hard* to all who have recently joined my page! *Big ole cupcake smile*
Hey , how about u guys interview ! Our editor is her publicist we can set it up! Check out her song #SaveTheWorld!
My "who the heck are you" circle is enormous... time to delete Google+?
hey, when I saw u at lunch & u said I never tweet u? #BOOM!! Now, what? :)
dealing w/ bureaucracy. Oh the joy of working for the govt.
hahaha! <U+201C>: BREAKING: Stanford kicker Jordan Williamson just received a full scholarship offer from Boise State.<U+201D>
YES GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!! Amazing!!!
all of us need to have a dinner date,soon <U+263A>
Dude! Like Hi !
thanks love you to!
Blake I'm in jail:/ thanks
I've watched Boston a lot. KG is playing well, but they're being overrated drastically.
I'll follow you if you follow me. Deal?(:
well, I can't argue, David has been a good name for me. :)
testing again
my thoughts exactly!!
I keep getting taunted by "deal" emails for hotels I can't even afford at half price. Sigh.
Don't miss it! You have only 5 days left.
First tweet!
You know you can brew tea in a coffee pot, right?
This afternoon, we are talking to Congressman Ed Perlmutter. Let us know if you have a question for him.
fantastic, gotta try to start the Sunday night hmwrk crackdown wompwomp. We #graduate SO SOON
Occupiers want to take the Goverment away from Big Corps. and give the power back to the people
The new twitter is weird...
": Nobody deserves a ring more than lebron" Forreal after the sorry ass teams he had to cope with those 7 years in Cleveland.
lolol i know ;)
UR out of your mind putting Miller at 20. Easy top 10... maybe even top 5. Great sight lines, close to downtown and the food!
vilma out for the year... bucs sign a paralyzed dude... good day to be a falcons fan!
Samantha Shandrow, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Worked 9 hrs now to work out!!! :)
haha I see you chief..how you been?
because it happens everyday...innocent people get killed...
Oh good to know, then Thurs. might do that! I think more people can make it when it's late at night.
Does anyone have song recommendations for Restaurant Creatives as we climb our mountain of work this beautiful Sunday morning?!
When you put on a dress and it looks like a shirt.
Hey i hope you have an amazing birthday! Have fun and thanks for supporting Austin. He truly appreciates all of his fans! :)
Just got my 1st pair of knickers, so excited to sport them on the golf course
I think the reason there was so much Devin Harris hype was b/c the Nets no longer had Jason Kidd & the league wanted a draw in NJ.
Thanks for the mention, ! Looking forward to talk on Wednesday. Hope you can make it--stop and say hi!
just saying.. your amazing<3
Some exciting new products are in the pipeline. What you find most annoying about typing on the iPad keyboard?
12 Buck Thursday! Only $12 for Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens...add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5!
Unfollow this page ASAP it got hacked follow my new one
Stop searching for adult diapers and Tommy Dorsey songs!
Oh My God, that's awesome.
what's the starting five for game 6?!
Gotcha...glad we could help then :-)
Tensai Rules:).Finally a major push for a major talent and one Helluva good guy from Pittsburgh
Thank you! Same to you!
"I'm sorry, the card says 'Moops'"
I need Justin Timberlake & Trey Songz to make a song together like ASAP!
This Suga Momma needs a new pair of shoes!
With a functional airport, the flights should be around the clock. The victims are desperate.
chi u know its no comp. Cnt no other twerk team n Memphis c us. They call us #twerkteammemphis wen we cum out
I'm at the administration support center?.-.
If you don<U+2019>t make mistakes, you<U+2019>re not working on hard enough problems. And that<U+2019>s a big mistake.
oh wow- that's incredibly lucky
Okay 15 min into the monologue- not a peep of explanation of the mouse crawling across #leno lip
Confession: I'm now in the habit of buying both hard copies & kindle copies of the same #poetry collections. In my brain, it makes sense.
If her period only comes at the end of the sentence, she's too young for you bro! Lol
Had a blast tonight with an old friend! Prom photos and Applebee's
ha! Don't freak me out like that :)
The comments by about "Sweet Caroline" at Fenway are well worth a listen.
welcome to town!
That last at bat by Braun just made me cry.
Today's goal: sing it as soft as I can.
I love when I see guys out and they try to act like a bad ass's then c u see therewittweets and they sound like
well said amigo. sounds like you've got a fun night planned as well.
dude- I learned and thought that tonight while at Franklin Sq
To mow or not to mow, that is the question.
HA! Play me!
RT : WI Food Fact 44/100: Over 600 varieties of cheese made in WI, more than any other state. Runner-up only has 250 varieties
- Colin is rocking this presentation!
School. I'm ready for you to be over.
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session! Be sure to check out the community site for recap videos shortly!
I totally understand why car salespeople are so pushy now
the one on the left..with dark jeans(:
Someday...SOMEDAY I'll have a bf for god's sake. Single since 1996 ahaha.
London, Oh London, who wants go to London this fall?!? Hurry and apply now! The deadline is April 1st! Don't miss it!
I totally need to check this out! Thanks for the tip! It's amazing how small accelerators like CMD-0 can help so much
sorry for not responding :P little busy
LETS DO IT.
Sometimes I bike past a mustached fellow and wonder if it's Twitter has taken over my life.
RT <U+201C>: Can't. Stop. Listening. To. Doctor. Worm.<U+201D>
So jealous of my parents! Moms playing in London and dads in Nola. Thanks for the invite!
Just go away please, thanks : It has been a roller-coaster-ride-of-a season, but KNICKS' fans stayed faithful!
hey Ronnie! It's my birthday! :D
did you really expect to recommend a mouse that was < $80?
Trivia pop quiz: How many hours per day does a koala sleep? The winner gets a Hersey kiss from Erica's desk.
general please
just did yoga for 1 hour and burned 336 calories. Total burned so far: 440908 calories! on 4/27/12 at 10:32 AM
Full house at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando
Grizzly bears are brown. Old brown bears are grizzled :)
At dinner with and who just went to the bathroom together and left me at the table alone. Seriously?
WHOO HOO! Better see u there! <U+201C>: Checked out the guys for #wheelofMen Not bad, not bad at all<U+201D>
good thing I read Little Women a lot - those girls are hilarious!
locate your lighter.
Thanks. We'll pass it on to Perry. He's leaving the business, but he'll still be hanging out making sure his coffee continues
Sale at the SWC Bookstore! All clothing, backpacks and hats 20% off through Thursday.
can't seem to sleep. GAHH!! what else is new? <U+0001F616>
The clap
I didn't know if I was doing it wrong or something. I love my bag, I even took it to a 40k tournament.
Yep-_- I'm in my world history class
u r to cute
Earthquake training/drill? Really does someone know something and is not sharing?
oh exuse me let me make an appointment
you here?
thx for that
The big c is probably the best show on tv right now
WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN
is should be and thank you for the birthday wishes :)
Tomorrow night - d.b.a. New Orleans at 10pm
Remember, anybody<U+2019>s chocolate sweets will become one of the superb sweets with the Warrior Whey<U+2122>!
Act I was awesome!!!
'You are asking me to revisit the...'
Thanks for all the recent additions lately, will get back to you all shortly. Synopsis written for our Game/Book, will post soon! Stay tuned
I like that one! "Be nice to archivists, they can erase you from history."
RT: Palm Echo likes silver better anyway
RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN! 3-2 series lets go boys
yes, with one of the Ramones
I'm good.... How u doin... Saw u was goin off earlier... Glad I followed u back ASAP!!<U+E409>
Good point, I really like Woodson maybe he can make a difference. We will see
Got u Bro!
WOW!!!What a night<U+E105> after this night I need a <U+E047>or<U+E30C> ,so <U+E011><U+E00D>
Wounds will heal but the scars will stay and be a constant reminder of you.
Eventually! I wann tour so bad!
"Let's see a mosh pit! for TRIVIUM!"<Cameras rake across the apathetic crowd as Trivium takes the stage>
Word. I feel heartbroken.
They have a lot of tourists in the summer, plus it is a fishing town. I'll see what I can find out for you. :)
Thunderstorms at night make me want to sleep on the floor. Pro tip: Do not sleep on the floor.
I know! I think I was temporarily possessed or something! I was slightly INVESTED in the show too. Help! RT **GASP**
Thanks for the love Dondy!
lol was now am in houston but nyc is the best
There's this girl the one and only one around this world....<3
hey guy
Any new ideas about spreading the word about our new app? Any social media gurus out there with some tips and tricks?
In addition to mentioning my queerness, I also talked about Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, and how much my sister sucks. It's a cool paper...
finna sit back and watch a movie fuck goin out hit me..
BOL! Dad would probably agree that we need a bigger bed or no Pugs in bed cuz he says we keep him up. We say he's silly!
Racism is more prominent since Obama was elected.Very sad.
HoeLies #50: I don't go down.
Facebook is mad wack LMS if you love Jesus or like my status for a TBH people are mad thirsty for attention these days
JoeL, JoeL, JoeL... Of Course Not. no need to go There. At 60, I'm just so sorry for th loss of Better Times
<U+201C>: Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.<U+201D>
Anybody got a direct # 4 Lee Daniels? We want him @ 3rd beyond borders:diversity n Cannes Symposium. we diverse he diverse #nobrainer LOL
No I'm not crying in a bar simply because this girl ISN'T butchering "I Will Always Love You."
absolutely. Praying fr you brother. Keep your head up!
send me the link
thank you dear
Replace your carbon-monoxide detectors every five years
That's what my step dad gets for degrading me... He gets told off by me and my mom! Mhmm!
yes you are! Sadi is proof.
BAHAHHAHAH WAIT... He's anthony? Omg.. So
How can it be that I already look tired? That's what I'm hearing from my peeps @ work. Yawn...
Favorite answer at Congressional Financial Industry Inquire Commission: "I don't know" or "I don't remember". Remember "The Godfather".
. that's why we invited to our fest, because they're awesome!
Perspective makes all the difference, no? Thoroughly enjoying your live tweet of As You Like It - a fav play of mine
Hi everybody!! :)
You are most welcome : )
I'm out of here ! Peace
#dontstopbelieving in me
wuzzz up right back at you!
if you're a man who doesn't eat pussy . You suck dick.
Tonight was interesting.... The fact that my phone was dead <<<< I got a text that I would've answered. <U+0001F614>
Almost 500 Tweets 10 more to go
I can wake up happy everyday just by saying "I'm not pregnant".
Omg! I'm going to the "back to school" night tonight! And my "bully" is gonna be there! I'm really scared :'(
Easy: our historic house neighbor and Teddy's Summer White House in beautiful
Can't say I'm a big fan of Pacific NW tonite. First, I get to watch Seahawks roll over my Lambs. Now Sarah Palin's Alaska on. Just shoot me.
Do you golf with your spouse or on your own?
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU WITHOUT BRACES ((:
Having.a boy
Oh, yeah. :) It's all very legit. He's working on a sword (being a blacksmith and all) and Arya is, um, watching.
That man of mine is my hero! I was stuck & called him in he was here within 5 minutes. I love him more & more. #lovemesomehim tweet
Who else is lovin this cool weather? I guess I'm ready for fall.
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be a fantasy after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
thank you! That's actually the concept of Dekadent.<U+201C>: you make the simplest of things look elegant!<U+201D>
- Thank you.
heh yeah. I figured that out after I saw your reply. I was really hoping you weren't going to call me out on it. Haha
I listen to sad songs all the time when I'm 100% happy lol
My day was ruined : /
so old! First album!
My favorite show that I've seen so far at Louisville Palace has been ______________________.
We're getting a makeover today!
My in-laws have a crazy alarm system and we cannot leave our room without pushing buttons and hoping the alarm doesn't go off.
a percentage of everything you buy from today is donated to
After DMV lady took my pic I asked 'how did it turn out'? She said 'like a skater' :l Hahaha
It's hot, but king's island is awesome!
Citing Notes & Queries seems counter-intuitively complex eg: "title" N&Q 47 (245).4 (2000): 435-436. Seriously?
dis song should only take me like 2 blunts long!!!!
Having a potluck breakfast in cultural anthropology! :)
Yes, Newt your getting crushed! We don't want corporate Lobbiests in this state! Go back to sucking the corporate tit, slimeball!
<U+201C> man pussy iz pussy...regardless of the chick skin tone. #MyOpinion<U+201D> <--what he said
Thunder park tomorrow #YEE (:
#Nf thanks for the Follow Brutha!<U+0001F60A>
Tonight - all vinyl Techno Set by Travis Baron at Contour - 12-1am - No Cover!
You coning to court tonight ?
That "Chick-Fil-A" breakfast I had this morning was awesome! <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+0001F44C><U+0001F44C>
tracking my package....left LA this AM....can't wait
at least the last trojan war vet is still alive!
I'm guessing it's a joke but I'm a "glass is half full of booze" kinda guy.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
God, I hope so.
Excellence doesn't require a huge budget, just a little extra love. (Great convo tonight.)
It was a couple of musty ass girls at the club last nite...I think must was their natural body odor tho
Every truth has four corners: as a teacher I give you one corner, and it is for you to find the other three. <U+2014>Confucius
Thanks for following us J! Hope you enjoy the tunes!
You were given a Gift, share it with the world!
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What do you see? by Bill Martin: If you keep your eyes open, you will see strange things--like a blue horse.
Don't forget your REUSABLE water bottle this weekend! You can refill for free at the Water Monster Aid Station!
Tuesday is 'writing day' - good...and 'my back hurts day' - not so good!
#FanManagement. He got a personal and let a fan take manage his page :)
hey whats up?
on definition of a startup = a temporary org designed to search for a repeatable and scalable biz model
Dunk Contest is 1000% GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!
Tommorow ain't promised, live like it ya last day
So sad to hear the one of the greatest voices in music is no more....
hey will try my best to get there (I told other wikians to check it out too) - if not see you in portland :)
Childish Gambino at the New Daisy tonight! Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island tonight! Make sure you're at one of them!
It was nice meeting you as well! Hope to see you at the next event.
<U+201C>: Being the first to clap in an audience & then everybody joins you & thinking "Yeah, you are all my b^tches."<U+201D>
hey doll face! Baby Jesus misses you!
The Truth just hit a three from the North End!!!
I'm reading "Back of Beyond" by C.J. Box this weekend.
Love the new keek(:
m i prefer chocolate cake which one do u prefer...
Had another nice dinner with wife at Crazy Water, NY Strip was best steak I've had in a while. Just what we needed, it was a tough week.
look into downloading a torrent client like bitlord to download torrents. that's the best way to download/collect music.
IM NOT TRYING TO FIGHT, IM TRYING TO DESTROY
i miss you too babe! <3
Sleek by 50 are maybe out on April 11
name names
Leave Cory Provus alone...he is great and I want him to stay in Milwaukee
But I still love your tweet. :-)
Thanks for following my twitter Kim.
it certainly is strong stuff, particularly for that sort of application. Glad to hear you're feeling better!
RT : Romney never "worked" a day in his life. He played with money and forced other people out of work.
boys and girls #Terps just got robbed, and #Tate just made the best play of the season
I still think you guys' books should make out.
Spent 2 hours searching 100+ pages of the 1940 census to figure out what Hazel Coxe did for a living. Keep it real, GovDocs.
Ayyyyooooo got the Goombas from south philly in miami
Is that/was that Don Holder by the console when the lights blacked out?
hey bro way to not respond to my tweet the other day
what was she on?
which means that you have seen it then?!
My router is about 7 years old.
oh my gosh! I know there is corruption in every organization (we all fall short) but this is unfortunate for sure.
Breakfast time.
Let the Diamond do the work while you handle the rest!
Getting a logo or brand name tattooed on you is so stupid
An invisible red thread connects those who are destined to meet, regardless of time, place, or circumstance. The thread may stretch or...
Have maybe done it twice in 5 years.
Everything I think of is a dream, everything I say is incorrect and everything that I wish for is impossible
Hey he bought the laptop, he can dispose of it in anyway he chooses!
Dear ESPN announcers: the clock stops on the timeout which you will see their Head Coach does not immediately call
so its my biRthdAyz todae..so far great, well cuz i'm alive..Lol but cant wait going to see a show laterr on ^_^
OK, we can match the $159 cost + shipping. You'll have to call in. 1-800-589-4487
Places I would not want to be right now: anywhere within 25 feet of Peter Laviolette
It's the 2nd anniversary of your 21st! Make it a good one, old man :) : My last night of my life being #41. #42 - please be kind.
I always call Region 10:
S/O to my new followers go and follow them
Hungry den dem homeless niggas downtown
I hope and are doing work on hed look great in Blue and White!
Linked data panel underway at #aam2012 with & P Harpring
..is something flying around the room...?? -evelyn mae
Have a goodnight everyone
I love how you always mention Kansas in some way in your books. It's awesome.
Thought of the day.... if there's fate why does one fall for someone if they don't feel the same???
Please send us any vampire Flashmob ideas asap :)
<3 I seriously love the happy vibes that come from u lol ur like my own happy drug! :-* I miss your cute face more! Whatcha up too!
This is way more than I could ever pay. Conferences for me are about 1/6 that.
Wednesday after work it's a good mid point in my week
Everybody beat him with your batons! Oh they're rubber? Use your fists!!!
TGIF! (Ticklish Giants Imbibe Fanta!)
Work was not a good enough reason to get out of bed today, yet here I am
smh a test is more important than a school fight ha
good luck and beat that pansy also known as Edge
So did you get the $20 move projection on MELI b/c of the Cup & Handle range was from $78 - $98?Still learning.
Another year the cat is high on catnip. What a goofball.
Beautiful, I just want you to know your my favorite boy!
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths
We did that type of Filipino dancing for PE in 4th grade in Nebraska!
Emy! C'mon in, the water's fine!
What the hell is happened...)))
more songs @ www.purevolume.com/Deadpro
Of course, follow the beautiful entrepreneur, , her sister, and their mother,
What is this chicago stuff :/
Full Crate playlist....all i need to start the day
Cool! You going to #Cannes?
Jamaica trip Sept 14 just can't wait and I'm not goin to a resort I'm in da hood kingston Jamaica I'm not even staying at a hotel ,
Where is that?????
RT RT Too many of us fall in love with the idea and not the person.
I can't stand it. I know you planned it
Hi! I read your comment and replied over there (I don't know if my blog notifies people of replies or not *blush*). :)
I hate when I tweet or put a status on facebook that is a lyric, or quote and that one person FREAKS out about it and thinks things. WTF!
Dang i missed the lunch :( RT Hell, let's all just meet for lunch at noon.
How are you how about a follow back plese
Steve Jobs was not only a creative genius but an execution genius. Nothing like him in our time.
Who is the BEST - we are. If you want to promote your business the easy way..the cheap way. We do it all
Passion and character are hard to find. Try the bathroom.
Have fun stormign the castle.
this humidity makes me want to head back to Cali...I am definitely looking forward to fall weather
take a pik and post it in the group on fb
Maybe you did. But only on one Word.
There's none near me. That's why I have to go every time I come down South!
I'm a strange individual & that turns you on.
Who's excited? RT First wager under #Nevada licence optimistically plausible within this calendar year.
#raw10 im n a elevator w/ 7 other ppls, some1 let out a silent fart, it was deadly. no 1 claimed it. we needed the CSI ass sniffing div.
School in a bit :)
S/o to our new followers!!!!
Who are the Toronto athletes on Canada's 493 strong PanAm Games team? I live in Canada and I expect to be able to follow their achievements.
Working my mind up to do my workout...before brunch. Almost there, lol.
oh okay Thats what's up. ;)
We must work to eliminate #petroleum #fuels from use for #transportation, heat and electricity production.
Humidity does wonders to my hair!
I see why Angry Birds are so popular, I can't stop playing it!
DONT JUST TWEET IT(:TEXT IT,CALL HER,VIDEO IT,RECORD IT!ALL OF THEM!(:<3 Y'ALL ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER! #StayStrong smile alex
#impressed That he's Makin A change..! :)
Unreal!! RT : Should be part of the foundation of the individual's game.
Tune in to Simmons College Radio, 24 hours a day while you are at work, at home, or on your iPhone.
good luck!! Cant wait. 2 see you in lambeau!!
am glad I never did the second masters. Not sure it would help my chances in getting a position anyways
but you'll be there! See you tonight?
lol that's the main reason why I'm getting distracted. I get too into a song and end up typing the lyric >.< lmfao
yay! It will be good to see you!
We have just renovated our retail area. Come check it out! While visiting, you might even want to grab a slice of pineapple cream cake.
Looking for a nice move in GE over the next couple days!!!
TY for the RTs , , ! Much appreciated. :)
Lms vs. Eps will institutions let go of ownership and enable students to take ownership
Education Update
hey guys if i'm not following you back hit me with a tweet and i'll be sure to do it!
Can I get more Followers. Can you pass that on cause I have been on the low of followers. Thanx you
Embracing spring by purchasing patio furniture- on sale, of course! Tonight it's wine and grilling out back.
Thanks for the follow!
yes. It's a mouse that doesn't have a ball inside. If not used on a flat surface, the cursor spazzes out on the screen.
-- thanks for the follow. I lived in Ventura from 1956 - 1962!
I have sparatic lyric syndrom.... I randomly spit lyrics from random songs
Living in Cream & Crimson country you have no idea how much I want this to happen.
just waiting for someone to understand
#Workaholics on netflix.
No more US history taught at CA universities? Where does #santorum get his non-facts?
Unruly Music festival countdown 3: composer/pianist Christopher Jones' intensely layered realization of Cage's "Solo for Piano" on March 9.
They're brothers.
Can you follow me back ??? (:
So glad you enjoyed your meal! How was your evening?
New post: Removable Air Vent Mount For Magellan GPS
She wont add me. Nonetheless on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the highest 1 being the lowest how ratchet is Miax Ioncare Mhp???
Can someone save the F-ing day for me? Or would that be the F-ing life for me?
Patrick just left. Im a bad kid. We had fun though ;D
what makes you say that? (;
are the boys gonna do a new video diary soon or...
their fundamental beauty! I am in the presence of angels from heaven! Yeah - love to watch them sleep! (sigh!)
Maybe it's the wine. Maybe it's the #supermoon. Either way my heart is fluttering as never before in my life.
um might be a billion times funnier than what ever your Girlposts thing is
I express myself 1. With music 2. With fashion as I rock the stage with both......charism
<U+201C>Blogging is not writing, it<U+2019>s graffiti with punctuation!<U+201D> great line from character (virologist, Ian Sussman) in "Contagion"
Gay is Okay. Funny how #Obama waited until campaign season to say it. He could've said it when they repealed DADT.
Invest in private mortgages with www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com AND earn 9%-13% return on your money
lol iPhone correction at its best
Good for Mario Gutierrez. That's awesome
welcome to the quad
Thanks! It was more of a boring-meeting doodle. ;)
Gun Safes are giving people a feeling of control. People in this country are smart and they get it done when the times call for it! America
Looking forward to a big weekend in New England with Bestselling Author Thanks to All our New Eng. Distributors much Love!
you are welcome
Open House today at 802 NE SUMNER ST. from Noon-3pm. New Home with views, walking distance to Alberta Street Shops. WWW.EVERETTHOMESNW.COM
Are your surprised that Google has a Cloud Print?
Ah its going to be a boy!!:D
p.s. Minho acting is EL-OH-EL
i am so stressed
I'm flying to him actually. Hahaha because I'm going to Lubbock too. OMG let's find a job together. Haha
593 likes!! that almost 100 more in a week!! Thanks guys!!
The queen<U+266B>
Huh, who knew? RT : Fredric Baur invented the Pringles can. When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
oh haha good luk...i took me an hour lol..see thats why ima get a low score>.<
Are you still looking for pillows for your wish room? I made a pillow (named The Siren) who is looking for a home. Let me know!
Table read today for a new short film called The Dark One by Director John Dondero. I am playing a crazed villain in this one!!
#CelebrityApprentice - Trump listened 2 that dude. Aubrey was one of the smartest contestants..a person may not like her, but she is smart
Watching alvin and the chipmunks with (:
Merry Christmas to all our fans! We hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones!
omg finally another man who's on my level.
Bet there are plenty of peeps wishing their NYE celebration only included cider and cuties lol Happy New Year to u & the she-teen
In the library until 5. I came prepared with my 60 oz of green smoothie. Maybe it'll make me think clearer? Who really knows.
Audio Addiktion is looking for one band to fill a spot for our show at Bunkhouse Saloon on December 9th! Please contact us if interested!!
Mr. Figaro to perform "Wings to Fly" for Crimes Victims Fundraiser 08/31 at Blue Martini in Brickell. Support the victims fams.
Hi Nice thought! What are your views on the current #Indian #education system?
o-oh i want some mo-ore, o-oh, what are you waiting for??
i hope your flight went well! HAVE FUN! talk to you soon! <3
of course
NOMO prints now featured in the catalog - a great way to give someone a gift (when you don't know what to give them)
Shoutie to For being my 122th follower <U+2661>
eating cold breadsticks
SFA: Today & Tomorrow! July 22nd & 23rd "Huge Vintage Sale" by owner of Family Vintage - Delray Beach
VonChurch is looking for Network Programmers for various openings around the country. Ping for more!
This chemistry baffles me.
All the Mahomies and Austin tweets after I've gone to sleep, tinezones suck^^
What do you think is missing from the Millennial conversation today?
have you read fun home by alison bechdel?
oh my lord, that sounds delicious! Let me know how it turns out!
Forgot my lunch today - anyone want to grab something at Circle Centre or the City Market?
Thank You to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday, iloveU all!! Only 27 more mins left & my birthday is over! xoxo<3
Show tonight Doors open at 6:30, our set starts at 7:45.
Reason 15 to love the BBA: We haven<U+2019>t fully been discovered. We are one of Portland<U+2019>s best kept secrets.
Master Tanner, you just made your national TV debute on Fox.
#ThingsIHate When people ask you a question, but won't shut up long enough to hear the answer
Hey remember that one time you dumped popcorn all over me?
Oh you never disappoint me
aw thank u so much <3
RT : RT : RT : Breaking: U.S. files antitrust lawsuit against Apple, publishers over e-book pricing.
"is" a Horcrux!
definitely not the worst, but it is making reading a much slower process than usual. :)
Do you have dysfunctional movement patterns keeping you from being injury free? Ibuprofen will not correct your movement problems.
Lost my boxing game. wired lol
Going back to sleep, it ain't shit else to do. Another shitty weekend, might as well get used to it <U+0001F612>
Thanx,The Rest Gone Be On My Official Video That's Coming
Totally watching that too! RT Pretty in Pink. :)
ugh. I'm sorry, that sucks.
You are playing in this monsoon?!?
#sschat advice for newbies -> don't be afraid to push the textbook envelope (meaning don't use it unless you have to) -
be sure to send me a pic my brother...
Would you eat chicken feet?
Red Eye (2005) Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams in a horrible contrived thriller. I didn't care who lived or died and I mostly laughed. 3/9
Starting my period in the middle of morning sex used to terrify me, but then I went to college and became thankful for every period, ever.
Awesome write today w/ and it's nice to finaly write something real!!!
Interference w/public transpo steez #rogue u know the rest
Me either
doesn't realize that just by tweeting "I Love You" can make everyone fall in love with him all over again.:)
I can't believe that didn't work
Keep doing what you're doing, Alexis. The world (and maybe even ) is listening. And yes, there is a God in heaven!
alas, sleep. maybe this time i'll wake up in a non-depressive state.
Would like to see this hawks team at 100% from the jump. Horford adds alot
Picked up the 2006 book Google's_PageRank_and_Beyond by Langville and Meyer. Have to brush up on linear algebra and matrix operations now.
don't compare yourself to another company in your sales pitch... now i'm just thinking about them, instead of you. who are you?
:: What an amazing morning. better rate this day a 10.
me too
Jake..... It's hard sometimes to just let God do His thing. It sounds so easy, but we get in the way so much! Just sayin'!
I'd love a GTL sticker if you have any left.
Think it's time to get my hair done.
Prince guy is a beastt.!
Thanks for the update- and feel free to contact me if there's any other information you'd be interested in receiving
Sometimes, life doesn't go as planned... but #GOD has a reason for you, to change this generation!
Take control of your life.. That is the only way to find happiness and fulfillment...
Thank you for the much appreciated
Thank you!!!!
didn't make it for that! But, I did see Joey save his sandwich from a "gun shot"
thank you kindly ;)
Matthew Perry has purty eyes.
Facebook reserving the ticker $FB. Will they list on NYSE or Nasdaq?
Long term drug abuse is a growing danger to people's health. Yet, our entertainment professionals do little to demonstrate, inform abt them.
Yes Anna and i went out and "you know who" came by and talked alot of bulshit :D We are waiting for you!!
Great to hear. Been through a couple of resto kitchen fires myself, & news like that always sends a shiver down my spine.
Thank god, managed to postpone jury duty so that I could do Justice can wait...America
excellent! How are you doing? ^ag
Love them too! We're jammin' right before them at FPL Stage 6pm! Hope you can make it over!!
down town coral gables. Alhambra and lejune. Come check us out!
everydays #NSD theres a subway across from my school & I have it like everyday & I always walk in and order ur fav sandwich<U+2665>:D
I understand...I wish it was Friday already!
": I really want a hotdog wit everythin on it...I guess I'll go get one since I don't have no one..:'(" id buy u a hotdog :)
what! we shoulda planned this!?
Loved Hong Kong but missing home. Happy to run my last time in Asia.
I wanna black out and be that asshole tonight
ahaha true... well I hope you get to meet him, next time I see him I'll let him know he needs to go to Finland =)
I bet the cleaning lady is looking at me thinking, "She gets paid to do this shit?" lmao
A beautiful day for writing!!! I get an entire week to actually do just that. Makes me feel like a million bucks.
Baby good shoot..good girl your dad would be proud
<U+201C> : Dwayne Wade accused Pacers of excessive celebration. the Heat would NEVER celebrate before they won anything.<U+201D>
Who would love if me and madison went out?!...nobody
Come over here and make me!
I was just informed its National High Five Day!
Haha! We see you !
no much just like Rlly sleep aren't u sleepy <U+0001F603>
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. ~ Miguel de Unamuno
RT : so happy is a part of the #likefather cast - he's one of my favorite actors to work with
Ugh all the ppl in a relationship stop complaining yhu ungrateful bastards
NO he can't.. James Jones is more one dimensional than Steve Novak..............
: Congratulations on becoming part of the iEARN Australia management team!
I've been avoiding the internet lately.
So every site we have on just went down. Awesome. Database issues.
The culture was manufactured by the auto industry and reinforced by big oil. 1) High speed rail 2) Huge investment in public transit.
So sad to hear about #JuniorSeau I hated him when he played for San Diego, that's the ultimate sign that he was a great player.
Friday night Football game
phew...and thanks for reading it.
If ur sneezing and have itchie eyes RT and say me!
Happy Fourth-O-July from ya boys in Nemesys!
we! I'm getting dizzeeeeeee! Cool, Emily!
Or, gay. RT Truth. RT : Non-existant. RT : Genuine people of the male species where r u.
Happy Saturday folks! Reporting nice and early today in order to cover the snow expected to come our way...Tweet your weather photos!
we have got a lot of Milwaukee fan feedback about !
See if that tweet was about me btw :/.
Here's hoping, Emily! They did end up with a better year than last, so here's to another better one! :)
y did c get hate tweets??
wao, lucky you!
Hi Meghna, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
thank you for being here for me, Im so thankful for you. I love you <U+0001F618>
About to begin July collection period, will announce this month's charity soon. Stay tuned and be ready to send them your $1 donation!
They about the oldest team on the NBA
2011.09.07 #Cardinals 2 #Brewers 0 | Lose to Carpenter / Morgan loses temper too / Lose series to Cards
Absolutely loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. Superstar cast, gorgeous shots of Jaipur, India and ultimately, a lovely story...
Gotta love early morning baseball.
My tweets for the next hour will be for
Most surprising stat to me is that the Cats got the lead at half without a 3, 0-3 from beyond the arc.
Austin. You killed me. <3 IS THIS SONG GONNA BE ON ITUNES?!?!
Ha - I've always wondered what happens to deleted #tweets too - bet the #congress has a spreadsheet of avid spellcheckers :)
My streak is at 8 ... I reread Edith Wharton and Evelyn Waugh just to break it. Even the Orange Prize list wasn't working.
I saw that last night... Still waiting for the pics.... hm?
If you're a Grizzlies fan, then Bleu is the place to be! Stop by before the game and relax w/ a cocktail! #memgrizz Go Grizz!
they're checking tickets at the door
pussipo and table X madness. You?
UGH SCHOOL IS STRESSING ME OUT. :(
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. <U+2013> Anonymous
After 30 Rock ends Im done RT From titles of all new shows announced I think going to watch NBC even less than what I still am
S/O to for 'trying' to help me with my problem tonight. (:
Smoking, drinking and you...two things I love.
is that 1400 calories?!? If so I'm so jealous.
Give me the chance to love you. I'll tell you the only reason why, 'cause you are #OnMyMind!(: i love you!
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. ~Gandhi
Only if you knew, I wouldn't let you down this time.
holy fuck, give it a rest
Romance or lust?
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Nothing special, but I did buy a new purse- it's neon yellow & super obnoxious... I love it!
uh oh! What is it? Can't wait to try! Just got home...
I'm up.. Pshhh it's not even mid-night yet haha
They sing. They dance. They die. The Independence Community Theater is doing a preview show for us of Scream Queens: The Musical on 4-28.
Whenever I see a guy who's in touch with his feminine side, I usually think to myself "he's either gay or Mormon."
Then why did the USSR go from backwater feudalism to world power in 30 years?
Working on marketing stuff all weekend....Time to tighten things up!
Non-lawyers owning law firms will happen. Next 5 years or so (already in Australia and Great Britain).
#RedSox RHP Aaron Cook was sent to the DL...Andrew Miller was recalled from #PawSox as rehab window would have expired today.
So sleepy. Someone make me waffles.
very cool! ty for thinking of me :)
The Angels of Transparency, together with Archangel Raphael are here to help us to heal the Inner Child.
#fridayreads How lovely - Envy you getting to read it for 1st time. Nesbit is one of the all-time greats!
It looks like I will be getting in the building:-)
m meat.
Why is Pluto a pet? While goofy and Donald talk?
Goal of the Day: Burgers and dogs are great, but two burgers and two dogs are too much. Think about quantity this wknd and enjoy your 4th!
I was blogging away on two new blogs over the weekend: "Texas Pick 3 Pick 4" and "Playing The Michigan Lottery"
No. You're goin' back to Cali, back to Cali, back to Cali.
And it clears yours! RT : Forgive your enemies...It messes with their heads.
Public restrooms are the worst
I been finding out things and its not even surprising.
. I'm writing 2 YA books. One about first all-teen expediton to Everest. Other about a teen who lives at a Renaissance Fair.
That's nice, Ed. But sd they not hv already known that? & what abt P Ryan 2?
I can honestly say..I'm ok without you
oh I know! With two teenagers there is rarely cold pizza for me the next day :( xoxo
www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers Check us out!! Feedback is welcome!
RT : O touring Midwest talking about jobs and economy. Finally. But rhetoric not enough. Needs bold jobs plan, and must commit to...
Don't know who you are but you look like a star and everybody here be thinking who's that boy?
Im reportin his ass...He did dis in front of every1 like its no consequences for his actions. Im goin to da Board asap Mon.
Im so proud of you #-Drake;
yeah you missed me bang it off 's oop lol
haha this is more about a character called Brigham Young based on the historical figure
dear god.. I can't believe it's April!!!!
trying to get this license in order for the summer :-)
Great talking to you, too! See you at the next one. :)
Stop being the dumbest person alive
Ill defend you ffrom my dad.... I got your back J!(:
Say something, cause you're driving me wild.
today's soundtrack shall be all Etta James. RIP
what up cousin?
She has a huge house (fits 20+ comfortably) that would work. We'd be able to figure out a partnership.
I have 3 skip the line warped tour passes who wants to be VIP with me? Lmfao
Yeah I keep getting tweets about someone talking shit. I'm tired of it I'm going to close down this account and open a different one
now that my friend I dont have the time for lol
Okay, awesome night, lots of photos to come, but that bike ain't going to ride itself in the morning...... g'night! <3
I woke up cuz I had to pee && now idk why im tweeting.-. bahaha
I know My Mom was a Floridian! Parents had a little beach house there! I miss it!
Sometimes, the outlook rules I set outsmart me
opening the finest bottle of champagne that an office party white elephant gift exchange can provide
Clustering is a way to identify patterns in the absence of student self-declarations about intended program of study.
im better so much better noww <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266A> <U+266A> <U+2669>
knowing what you want
Have a networking event coming up? Post it here.
Nothing really. These were two strong DFL seats that went heavily for the DFL. No surprises either way, both DFL candidates...
Slept on my neck wrong last night now I can't whip my hair today..dang
_Silicon Date_ If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours.
#RelocateTheCoyotes <<<--- Get it trending!
/ - Just saw 's tweet about your new Chicago office. Great to hear! I assume Boston is next...
may be the kewlest person I know
I'm sad. I won't be going back to what was one of my favorite places. Bummer.
yo ass lol I need my cd back!
RT : "Zones" are interactive playrooms that we open in Children's hospitals around the country. Denver will be our 7th....
Sorry, I meant a girlfriend not "girls"
let us know what you thought. Thanks for supporting and giving us your time
My head hurts. <U+0001F613>
Is it wrong that I want to sink the bus that just drove past with an ad for Battleship?
she cheated on him by kissing another guy i even have a pic
I have become a shopaholic.
happy Friday !
I don't know how you do what you do.. 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me. Makes sense when I'm with you..
I need to go out. I've been cooped up way to long...on the bright side my baby comes.home tmr. Yyyaayyyyy some entertainment. ;)
<U+201C> The better person you become, the better person you will attract...<U+201D>
Going to auto club speedway !!
Hahah, can't a girl quote lyrics?
": I'm a big fan of 20 emails that could've easily been done in 1! can I get an amen Leah??"<--Oh 4 sure
lmfaooooo yes! Perfect name :P
Love you, Frankie ;) x
Love don't come to leave Come to stay........
Big shout to & for showcasing Dell's social media center@ Hilton 4th floor. Go visit
I love you too. What a wonderful Christmas.
Going by the amount of beer I consume I think I'm technically a vegan
RT : I love me some m Cali mist!- uou have superb taste sir. Next time may I suggest the albuchronic?#guacamole 2!
Uncrumples tweet about substituting team at halftime.
Just remember: behind every mother, was your father.
it always counts ;-)
Does Micheal Vick want to be put in a plastic bubble? Really!?!
South Carlina has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I believe that a good positive attitude will take you a long way.. ~If they only knew~
We could do that. Should we have it on the TL next door? Or up here on 5? We could put on some TV and order pizza?
#NowPlaying. Big Sean. Dance A$$.
Thanks, bud. Happy New Year to you.
lol . yeah its november. im to thirsty for it.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3
you have beautiful teeth (:
An open mind will take you much further than your opinions will.
seductive moves
Wish I was at NN, but I'm still in Austin!! We need to cach up soon - Give out lots of hugs for me!
Headed to set<U+2026> 2 hour live show tonight.
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 5
It's cool when a team building session includes great wine and good conversation with the crew!
Hi Cousin! we need to catch up!
where's your profile pic taken? Italy?
love family nights with my favorite ppl :)
damn like legit everyone ik is busy
thanks for the RT of my HuggPost article on What Tin Tin taught me about travel.
hmm...traffic overload from your tweet? It's not loading at the moment.
Darrelle Revis may hold out AGAIN? He hasn't made a decision yet apparently. As the Jets turn...
I texted him & apologized.. but, I don't think he really cared. why'd he ignore you?
Dude, I hope you realize will beat seven shades of crap outta you
I hate that i love you.
Heard the news is on channels television, pls if u hav electricity, tune in n confirm for us abeg
Come enjoy our Southern Hospitality!!!
Read that Dr. Bronner's article too. I like when odd & kooky wins.
RT : A. Lee Martinez () offers up some advice on writing and the importance of voice in a new video blog...
First sighting. Seth Rogan.
<U+201C>: "We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality." <U+2013> Iris Murdoch #LoveScopes <U+2665><U+201D>
Apply foundation up 2 ur lash line & pat concealer on inside corners of the eye.Line & mascara top lashes only 2 give the illusion of sleep!
Happy birthday babe. xx (:
: ELVIS "That's Alright Momma"
Thanks, Stace! Hope you are having a great Thursday.
#GameofThrones marathon = best lazy Sunday ever
hello missy!! How's your day going? :)
thanks Nate! Happy Valentines day!
I'm really missing the northern kentucky area a lot today.
This year codes will be on kids' art and will lead to vids of them talking about the artist that inspired them.
Chilling. Looking at the sexy ass avi of yours lol.
During finals all my heathy eating habits go out the window. :(
RT : <U+201C>God is the strength of my heart.<U+201D> Psalm 73:26
ha!! not much wbu?
mystery numbers, interesting
For anyone else who loved Sofia, so, so sorry to bring such awful news. Am beyond gutted, still in absolute shock.
what if its your ghost?! ._______.
Huntsman: "We pay a huge price for our wars in the Middle East"
Dylan's blog is done. Now I can go to sleep(: goodnight
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 28
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back? K,cool I'll take 30.
Man, I really want to see the sun today! Seriously!
In Music Meeting One Eskimo <U+201C>Kandi<U+201D> this has a very BRAD like quality it<U+2019>s nice Nate says James Blunt, Tom slugged him
Girl I been looking for you. Holla!
i kidnapped you sour patch's
At the final Hessler Street Fair planning meeting for 2012.
*wines up*
thanks for the follow
I know haha ;) -Jared
I'm feeling hipster-ish today
Lol RT oh I believe it doesn't have to confirm.. Just sayin it's been a minute lol
Working on Ten Tiny Taiko music for Mike - which means strapping on the Strat!
AHAHA,Im about to have a bomb day.
*looks in ur eyes*
<U+0001F621> he better wake up by12 I wanna go to the gally lol
The inclement weather hotline is 804.565.3687. Call before you visit the branch today.
Yes! And the earrings too! :)
What are you doing these days, sir?
#FF Tasty Treats to #Follow RT
just watched a trailer that was advertising a movie trailer that will be released this weekend.
RT Creativity is intelligence having fun. #Quote ~ Albert Einstein
Will do - thanks!
I am immoral awww yeah.
Less than two weeks away from opening nite - July 23rd. Things are heating up in rehearsals!!!
Football with dad and Mik :)
Day O sound in almost underway. check here for details www.earprint.com/dayofsound.html
Ah I love having little ones that #believe...because threatening to cancel Christmas is still an effective form of discipline.
thanks for the follow!
: & wondering how much of shifts in online practices can be attributed to platform affordances, formats.
evening with & co to wrap up a lovely time at home! back to the midwest tomorrow.
Now following
s/o to yourselves beautiful people
By the way, (Good Releasing) is our DVD distributor. They sell to the adult & LGBT/feminist stores in all of North America :)
after MJ and tied with Usher!
Happy Friday! If your feet could take you away for the weekend where would you want them to take you?
all in fun, friends :)
RT - New Orleans Saints vs Jacksonville Jaguars this Sunday!! Can't Wait!! Love My Saints!!!
cool. Thanks for letting us know!
G'Morning, Work Flow $
We are in no way shape form or a fashion a fluke company....i will be posting pics of Madden 11 in my hands a week early
Today , shares how to use #edtech to #expandlearning after school at
I think the part of my brain that enjoys challenges kicked on today. Sounds like the #gobstopper machine from
I kinda like the fact that no one completely understands me..
NBD so your saying the curtains match the drapes? RT Almost hit a curb lmao nbd
Just got our artist endorsement from Seagull Guitars! Love those Seagull Guitars!
<U+201C>: I hate it when teachers say, "You think it's funny?" Obviously it is, if it wasn't I wouldn't be laughing.<U+201D>
Date gone wrong? Leave that bitch at
Don't wanna wake up early & take that AP test <U+0001F469> <U+0001F52B>
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
Knee doctor appt. Today :( gonna get my german accent ready:) haha
whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in? Do you think barry larkin deserves it.
Thank you. Internet has too much info:)
Today held yet another amazing conversation with Girl never fails to speak the truth of the gospel into my life. Blessed.
We're meeting today to discuss the 52 people we found during in #RVA Thanks for all of the support!
Indigo Tree Publishing proudly announces that its hit teen novel BUZZ will be released in Chinese in e-book format within the next 2 weeks!
Please read on for a review of one of our Touring and Training (T&T) courses
Scheduling MAYhem commitments for entire family. My color coded calendar looks like a rainbow threw up on it.
just signed up lol
i am so down for that right about now
Burgers may get all the glory but these chicken tenders are finger lickin' good! Sticky's finger joint open on 3/22 w chicken tender love
i got u bro
Essentials Haul plus other goodies - toothbrush holder
Had dream that R Perry gifted crowd w/ electric chairs.YOU get an electric chair,YOU get an electric chair.
If you want to laugh out loud, follow Laughing is good for you!
So I can actually stay connected with You, Professor!!!! If nt FB, then Twitter it is! LOL! How have You been? GOD BLESS. :)
Maybe watching on RT:Morning shout out to the tigers just woke up since they don't have practice 2day
First run in months and I did about 2.5 miles.. I think I can be proud of that!
Our faith in the present dies out long before our faith in the future
Girls night with , , and ! Bring on the laughs....
oh, and we're closing on our house at 2PM this Friday. just another reason to break out the beer.
Have a good stack in satelite to wpt main... lets keep it together and win a seat plus some cash :-)
I really need snowboarding advice from I want to try it out for the 1st time in 2 1/2 weeks and I need advice. PLEASE JAMES!:)
reminds me of 2005/early 2006
Late breakfast, but my morning started a long time ago...
Oh, you changed my name in your phone to "bitch?" \m/
Get Austin Mahone Verified
haha yeah right! X) u cant reach my brownness! N u shush at least I tried :(
sounds like a good day!
Q1. What's YOUR favorite mode of travel transportation?
Can't wait to pour gallons upon gallons of Starbucks down my throat !
Jacob just shut up
Three months from yesterday first #Packers preseason game. Awesome, wonder if I'll be able to catch it in Honduras? It is on
I have seen some strange stuff come out of computers that should have NEVER been there
LOOL I should! >:)
frozen carrots excellent for babies.
sad song
its so fkn simple but yu rather make it hard
Looking for work in my sleep
"Thyme fries!" says the cashier repeatedly to a confused man who, I'm sure, is thinking she's saying "time flies."
I'm sure your 598 Twitter followers and 12 regular blog-readers will rush right over. Got hair?
I don't love you no more nowww~
Well look who it is :) Welcome to twitter fellow #Canes alum.
Gonna be up all night cleaning before my moms arrival, fuck
#ecet2 just learned about #ECET2 followup presentation happening in Memphis nxt week. & Nice job! Way b4 4/16 :-)
watching the closer
if i lay here, would you lie with me?
Ok so NYPD was on their job. Shout out to them for the arrest of that ass hole that murdered that young lady in bk, and wounding Calvin...
ok R.I.P. TRAYVON
MT : 'Photo and video' is the fastest growing #mobile app category ://t.co/L3LztAQG
thank for the #FF mention. Hope all is well.
I'll be there!
- I Can't Believe I Let MY Car Get That Nasty! ian NEVER Let My Car
well my sis house then practicing afteer i well make a vid for you guys-Tamya
looking for examples of poster judging criteria. Would appreciate advice and links.
TOMORROW night is #FREEFriday @ Mavericks at the Landing. If you want a VIP booth for you/9 friends, email !
I used to laugh when people would say they PROGRAM websites in HTML and shrug it off, now I sob deeply inside when I read it on applications
best Friday of summer!
I go to Bel Air Presbyterian Church!
I would really love if my boyfriend called me tonight.
Lovin at Willie's ranch, 2 parts Alabama, 1 part Grateful Dead with a dash of Dylan. Shake well.
Why do I always want to cry?!?!
i remember when i was #InMiddleSchool :)
Thank you and !
RT : tulo plays #boyfriend when he comes up to bat! BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF THE BIEBZ!
Everyone should go follow .. This bitch is hilarious! =)
any team that plays Meeks this many minutes should change their name to the Bobcats.
that doesnt make sense....
well i tried but it didnt work.
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Aww man Im too excited. Cant wait to rock it in Eugene at the trials. Thank you!!!
You are all slaves to the land of the free.
wow. You ran that!! Seen it on tv!! :)
Polish, and I sometimes act like it too #smh lol.curious, live in the city or near by? Yellow nails still?
Twin humans on their way to free speech! Unarmed! Get em, zombies!
haha that's thee song man!!
Inspiration and genius are one and the same. - Victor Hugo
It's hard to love a team with Felipe Lopez starting at second, but I'm trying.
Firehook Bakery of National Building Museum offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
you have your wrestlemania plans set?
Thanks for bringing together over 150 years experience in #sped #law today!
Seersucker table-runners...
Follow me:D
Interesting, Chris Long had 13 sacks last year with the #Rams. Equals Howie Long's best sack season.
Laying off social media for the day. Too political.
Do YOUR young professionals' group meetings have a mechanical bull? (;
Yeap RT : If it doesn't sound like a good idea... It prob isn't...always go with ur first instinct
running late. Be there in 15
Hola Ya'all! Every Thurs. at ATX - 10pm. Ladies FREE...VMG Showcase ROCKS. Hope to C U...XO Miss Z
YOURE IN TEXAS. I WISH I COULD OF MET YOU TONIGHT:'(
Oh my god...CHRIS MANN!! SPEECHLESS...TO BEAUTIFUL...HE NEEDS TO WIN THIS WHOLE THING!
Sometimes #wish things were different between us...
those are in a small section known as the rock pile were the rowdy fans sit.its located in the outfield.
Follow for follow:)
And just dropped the f-bomb at our talk #aam2012 #glamwiki EPIC
HUGE shouts to , and the whole crew for having me on tonight! And thanks so much to everyone who called in!
Hahaha silent treatment
why is my mom walking around upstairs??
Why does it seem like all Brits like the game Scrabble? I suck at it, but I can't spell to save my life (thanks google).
it was really good!!! I'm wondering where is robert so he can cause trouble w/ luke..lol
Nothing drives me. It is just who I am.
are u at hooters now?
Wait, which one is USA? Lol.
haha. Can we get a picture of your car's boo-boo?
You think if i cared about you id wanna be just friends? If so
Disgruntled progressives put the Tea Party in power, now they aid them by calling Obama weak. That's stupid & naive--exactly what GOP wants.
I'm about to get wings... Look at GOD RT : I want some wings...
Met Kirby Smart today
Females got the game fuck up " did u miss me " we only talk like twice like wtf smh
ATM machines 'are costing tourists' Research has suggested that British tourists are spending an extra <U+00A3>260 million a year in fees
So if I tweet something, is it viewable by followers of someone I am following? I'm confused...retweeted?
ok srsly room 317 was the death of me. I still have a hard time remembering that it isn't real lol SO. MANY. EMOTIONS.
thanks for the follows!
Nuclear disaster
d, wtf r u talking about...?
Bialecki: role of #MA state #econdev office is to set up market for #highered & business collaboration, not direct partnerships.
just headed into town now. Use caley's cell number to coordinate txts :) !
Hey Yeah! $23 (ticket+service). I'll DM you my e-mail and we can go from there. Thx ! LOVED your show!
Oh well that's good news snakes on crack
We totally won, 34 - 17! What a fun night at Invesco Field!!!
#ufconfuel #UFConFUELTV A Kirean Zombie should never lose a fight,duh he us a ZOMBIE!
who you yabberin?
Are they toying w/ us? RT : Want tickets for tonight's game? Call 215.218.7825 or stop down at the Wells Fargo Center Box Office!
I'll sell it to you next time.
Have a wonderful day (:
Oh fuck, the answer is always: pizza.
not from roaches it's not.
<U+201C>Education is the mother of leadership.<U+201D>- Wendell L. Willkie
What is the term for a college where all the people who run it are clowns? Clown college just doesn't seem to cut it.
no :( haha. Waiting on my bf or a job. I would <3 2 do hairdressing at Paul Mitchell but Empire in Elizabethtown, Kentucky is fine
I like the one without your hand in your hair!
Well sdsu football took a blow
can we get a RT for the Cats vs your Buckeyes in the championship game!
Not going to sleep until I finish this episode of duck dynasty.
I don't want to say goodbye to Glee. I want everyone to stay and it continue like they're in high school forever <3
I'm pretty sure I just became a Mumford & Sons fan. I think it's the banjo...
Its amazing how ones day comes to a screeching halt when ones cell phone ceases to function properly.. Sucks too.
tweeted Sunday that she had finally moved then 24 hrs later was on Assembly floor to get "honored".
Anyone seen #CabinInTheWoods yet? Worth seeing in the theater or wait for DVD?
That was corny lol..
Cledus, Thank you for helping to make April a record month here at Elder Ford of Tampa. You guys are the best!
You do realize the minute you delete them, the need will arise to call one of the removed numbers.
I'm trying to eat my Fruity Pebbles, man! xD
I want to be your it girl <3
Welcome to the #smchi ohana! Our newest PRO member! cc:
I LOVE MY FANS <3333
Ever since u got that birth control shot u been fuckin up a storm any and everybody..now u in walgreens lookin for the best vaginal cream
I look dumb and like a nerd today..
08/19/2011 - Willowbrook Mall rewards back-to-school shoppers with mall gift cards on Friday Shoppers taking advantage of Texas <U+2019>s Ta
So my mom definetly indirectly agreed for me to wear Lolita to senior prom
Son is home from University, others are home from work and we have declared it time for a quick nap. Bliss. :)
Enjoyed learning about an innovative potential nominee at IN Venture Club. Nominations open Monday, May 14th.
Eagles vs Cowboys thanksgiving day!!! Hear anything?
Hi! I wanted to let you know about , a chicago-based service that gives 5% donations to charities on every purchase!
At I <3 Vinyl...Geology Killing it right now..Southern Freeze.. Yes please!!
Those pitches are perfect. Should tee off...
anyone know a good driver in Beijing by chance? DM me!
Two more days before 's album #UNBROKEN comes out.... Please hurry up and get here, Tuesday.
Bullshit call...he kicked it in
do you have a locals offers website?
On my way to my first track race!
That's what cocaine is for.
Drama is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue
Too many movies I wanna watch, so much sleep I don't have
This is my last spring break ever...so weird!
That's good, Porter, because they're sniffing your ether everywhere! So enjoy the fruits :-)
I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump. Never had any schoolin' and he's just fine. Homeless, but fine.
Latest numbers on #Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, vast majority for underage drinking, trespassing, and open intoxicants
if I can do one million things at once (which I am), then you can do this
'As the World Turns' comes to an end. Is that the same as the world coming to an end? Perhaps so for some folks!
That's Sadd .
RT : "The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." -- Bertrand Russell
24 of them, so far. But I wish I'd skipped Titus.
Haven't gone a year at this school without getting a ticket, wonder what it'll be next year... <U+0001F693>
I've been dreaming of sending you cowboy boots to glitter. Wish it were possible on my salary. But Christmas is coming...
With Ch 12 News coverage of DWTS I have now officially lost all respect for each local MKE news outlet
I seriously should just subscribe to already.
can i just live in midtown or
Skeem my ass, I want pro bowlers period. game changers! Not helpers!
Tonight's Board meeting is on the air!! Verizon 43 Comcast 17
Correct me if I'm wrong but April fools is tomorrow. Right?
The Sour Patch Stand Up show was a huge hit last night. Great lineup! Cant wait for Next month's show :)
y'all jus started break?
love you too!! <U+201C>: Omg celeb sighting!!!! Lol at Bev center!!! I love him so much!! :) lunch next weekend'<U+201D>
tonight will not be the same without you.. :/
Thanks for the encouragement, will keep chugging!
<U+201C>: The GUSA senate passed a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year.<U+201D> Will go as well as the RedBox near
Thanks, dudes!! You all are the BEST!! (#fishingforhappybirthdays)
What was it?
Accident US 95 south at Ann Rd. causing big time delays. Use Durango, Jones, or Rainbow as alternates.
With one breath, with one flow/You will know/Synchronicity.
Kim Kardashian announcing that she might run for mayor is the first real evidence I've seen of the Mayan Apocalypse potentially happening
I keep calling this kid by the wrong name!
And people stop tweeting about them new weak ass foam pros #SayNoToPros they like team J's forreal
Praying for peace with friends - an efficient economy, more peaceful media and culture, healing for the earth.
Hi Ryan! Just posted the meetup. We are gonna do the Hangar again, same little area! Hope to see you next Thursday :)
Those Who Labor For My Happiness talk with Lucia Syanton and Dianne Swann-Wright is beginning.
okay what are you doing friday night i get off at 9
Can I hit it in the morning
it makes sense why wouldn't he try and go somewhere else?
follow back.
Romney 2012: Because being principled is so gay.
listening to Love Drunk in celebration of being alive another year(: thank you god! LET THIS TAKEOVER START. HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLEO(:
LOL HOWV ABOUT THE JUST RUN ON THE BEACH NAKED WHILE WE WATCH ;)
Calling ALL OFFICIAL participants of the Parol Ng Pinoy COMPETITION, follow the star to FPAC 20!!!! Check this out: www.filamarts.org
Thanks for the conference yesterday! Great information, great discussions
TYTY RT Looks so #ONOlicious ": New #JUST4FUN item...Puffy Taco filled w/ Parsnip Potato Puree & some Scallion
On the way to UNC for my moms graduation ! I'm so proud of her
I'm so bored
#BackInElementarySchool was like my best friend :)
If you don't know what #2Live is..
sorry i was really mad at julia
I vote for tequila. Haha
LOUIS TONIGHT!!
How did Heavy D die?
lol. Well thats Kowalski for you. Gee, he got crazy over my photos earlier O.O
we will block you if we suspect there is fraudulent activity. The call usually follows.
Thomas can't wait to meet you Geo and Mikey in Chicago in August ! (:
Still up.
No, it's really happening. We can't have him pulling another Adele and catching on months too late.
you have terrible customer service and i can happily say i will never purchase anything from your company again.
at your cross I lay my burden, At your feet where your love covers. All I've done now I walk with you lord
Deal, yo. Let's see it!
Days of glory
Going to vegas for 4 days again
The Finnish examples of Staffordshire dogs are now all facing outward, I wonder if that was an invitation...
Hearing somebody just say they're sorry and then just bursting out in tears because that's just what you've wanted the whole time. >>>
We better not get too excited about the BCS changes if they aren't implemented until 2014. Thanks for nothing Bill Hancock
Generally agree, but a quick burst reminding voters of Obama adult actions may cancel out Romney's HS stunts, without blowback.
my friends amanda wills and colton chesser hates each other im chatting with both on facebook
Merry Christmas a couple days late lol been running my behind off!
but the easiest thing? Building chicken sandwiches.
Jonas Fans Are Blessed!
ahh i missed you congrats on your win :)
wassup wit ya
Thanks for following,
THE HECK DID YOU DO, BITE HIM OR SOMETIHNG? lol
Well that is a compliment coming from you!
haha I haven't a clue. I hope not.
ATB comes out tonight in select cities, I have my tickets! Question is, do you?
Stunning..."By 2030, 73% of households in U.S. will not have children." From this morning's plenary: Kim Walesh, City of San Jose.
appreciate it!!
hey you should give us a listen :]
my horoscope cant tell me shit , NOT even who in tf im compatible with .
It's the semifinals this week! Have you signed up to our mailing list so you can sign up for next season?...
That food my auntie cooked tho>>>>>
I've been accepted into the MFA program at Naropa University in Boulder, Colorado.
Voting on roc battle right now
Why do I type things here?
#inforumsf - what is your favorite St. Louis memory?
so... just you then. But i already follow you!
Redskins need a new defensive coordinator.
How we'd do in chess or math bowl this yr vs y'all? #WhoCares <U+201C>: ... #1 Ranked baseball t-shirts too lmao #ohwait<U+201D>
#youknowyoureoldwhen... you and your son get class reunion stuff on the same day (my 30th HS reunion, and #Number1Son's tenth!)
okay! its a fun and pretty laid back job haha you'd like it
Great weekend. Now to sleep for a busy week. Good night.
I cannot express how much I hate Dev's character in #Smash! Ugh, you slime!
My sister thinks she is about to get me to watch the entire Twilight series..we'll see how that works out for her..
Again, it tastes like death but it looks like fun
is that a thunder wrap???
It was a good night. A really really good night. What else is there to say, really?
[l s asekoff] home, hone, hore
No, I did a search for the company and found a million other people having the same problems saying the dude is awol
Yo,wts good Bill,Kevin told me 2 hit u up,Do u have a contact 4 production?
picosos has great prices and real home made food just like grandma use to make call today 303-999-0785 picososmexicanfood.com
Thanks! RT : Love on south High St. These guys rock so come visit - sit on patio overlooking
i will never understand why people think that you are attractive
Getting canned isn't always bad. Celebrate #cannedcraftbeerday at Mellow w/one of our 16 crafts in cans.
hahaha that's what I thought. Who's out here in southern Missouri poaching the nerds of the Forrest.
The very same, and she's very lovely, terrifying but lovely :-)
good to hear. Hope youre back to normal soon. I JUST learned about thundershirts & thought the person was messing with me.
#hustlin. my money is always on you.
Had a wonderful, blessed year. The Lord blessed me with my daughter, she came here healthy, despite all of the complications I had. <U+2665>
"Reasonable"? Check the GREAT Dean Dass show at Second Street Gallery.
I yelled captain eo and and I left the bar hm might be called alot this weekend
Tennessee is sounding better everyday :) thinking about
OH MY WORD! So fluffy! what a CUTIE! :)
#LennyDykstra called... He said he coulda scored from prison on that one.
I wish it wasnt so dang slow too. thinking about moving it.
People can make jokes about fans walking onto the court/field but its not a laughing matter. You never know someone's intentions.
Way to go Broncos!
Calling all Chicago fitness enthusiasts! Rogers Park bootcamp sessions starting soon -- email for details! :0
hello Kent. Have a fine day.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy meet their expectations of you
The Power of Protest Tactics: <U+2018>Just Do It<U+2019>
WOO-HOO! Although, I've got 2 hours on you :)
Your kung fu no good here.
I think I may be healthier RT New study says swearing is good for you. I must be the healthiest guy in America.
Salsa class starts in one day 3/13/2012 at the Arlington cultural center in VA...also know as theatre on the run
Great show! Jerry sounds so fragile and sweet on "Comes a Time'. Sound is pretty good for an audience recording. :)
Back to another twelve-hour shift. Bring on the coffee.
Cant sleep, someone tell me a joke :)
am I being brew woo-ed? sorry... that word play was just too tempting for me.
I feel like that's not exclusive to ratchets though.
and why do i care??
People are pathetic
Kim Zolciak throws the best side eyes.
In Honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day, what service project will you be doing with your daughter tomorrow?
I'm done cryingg for noww ; but there are more tears to come ..
Hm...Beer or bud? That is the question.. I know a Bud Beer :)
Take help of the professionals to draw a strong business plan, taking care of every aspect of the business
tweet tweet :))
only fight with people that are on ur level .
<U+263A> we know
Crazy. Glad you're okay. RT : It must have just logged from my phone, I was on that all day.
My Peyton Manning is the QB for the Broncos now.. gunna take some time to get use to this change ..
I haven't read it, but have heard good things about this book, written by a conservator from the Smithsonian
thanks :) hoping for the good drugs lol
Anybody else yell YUCK as they stepped outside -- like I just did?
Just landed in Philadelphia for #acrl2011. Now over to the convention center to get out booth setup.
That was one of the BEST episodes ever!!!!! CupidMe! LOL
Potential sites for Pac12 tourney more exciting than this? Venice Beach courts, South Eugene (OR) HS Purple Pit, Golden Nugget Casino(Reno)
RT : is getting ready to record on today.
Jesus' heart breaks the poor and my desire is to do what I can to imitate Him.
Everyone should pick up the new album today! Its honestly worth buying a copy. One of the best albums out right now!
Wisconsin cuts a pretty sweet deal... Home again, home again, jiggity jig!
To support HBOs move into non-vampire, non-werewolf, non-dragon, non-Tyrion programming, I'm watching an episode of
stuff is amazing there
#world follow up ?
Learn to mute your farts. It can only help you josh dachs
A company can sponsor an entire university getting access to the FT for one year and brand themselves to those students every day!
Paul is everone's friend. Santorum by coming in last, Romney by taking tea party votes, Newt by not letting romney run away
Awesome, will do my research. Thanks! Also, nice to meet u, Brian!
Oh = Just Stop talking to me. K = Im done talking. Whatever = F*ck you. Fine = F*ck it. I guess = I dont really give a f*ck.
Anybody else bored and hungry?
ANNOUNCEMENT! OPEN KEY at the BRUMDER MANSION May 20 openkeyband.com GET YOUR TICKETS paranormalcopsatbrumdermansion.eventbrite.com
The Acacia Strain, The Ghost Inside, and For All Those Sleeping have all released new songs today. What do you guys think of the new music?
About to record a couple of merengue tracks. Hm maybe it is coming back!!!
That sucks. But now I have time to do your gift before you get back...
#Shoutout To And !!!!!! Everyone follow them XD
Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.
No. I haven't reached 1000 followers yet.
Who wants free tickets??? We'll give away a pair on Sunday at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall.
What's good Skyesworld?
Oh, dear. What did we supposedly do this time?
Let me sing to you?
now laugh at they azz!
Forgot my iPhone at home and all I've had all day is this company blackberry. How do people live like this?!
how in the world did I miss that one?!? Because I want that, too! :)
If a jersey shore cast member fist pumps in the middle of a forest does house music still play?
We had an amazing time volunteering today. Thank you so much for making a difference in our world! We appreciate you so much!
happy happy hump day! <3
Load twitter, LOAD <U+0001F621>
wow. Loser.
People will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold <U+2013> but so does a hard-boiled egg.<U+2013>Unknown
you know its good when you get a food coma! (cc: )
southpark actually #getwiththeprogram. Those strippers are really starting to fry what little of a brain you have left
whats good big homie can i get a #followback i got some Chicago talent i need you to hear
So. much. sneezing.
i cant wait to see you on the 1st at Island Water Sports in FLorida :D
Sometimes, I realize that anything is everything. Architecture is music. Literature is science. The future is naps.
i was =P
sea monkey stole my money :)
His Highness Sheik Zayed bin Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan is here with us. Ceremonies about to begin.
will be the only nigga late to his own god damn funeral!
i feel bad
RT : RT : Don't forget to stop by the Harpoon tasting we are having at the pub tonight from 7-9 tonight
I wonder how many Mikey cats she's had in the past 40 years.
oh get it gurl
My only goal that's been completed is seeing him live I still need alot!
its hot here In az come here lol
One Falu over the cuckoos nest
Just found out I lost someone VERY close to me about an hour and a half ago.... he was my best friend and my inspiration.
Gemini - a kind, funny, compassionate person who is sometimes wrongly perceived as conflicted, cunning, and somewhat out of control.
You were great, ! Big fan of what you do. Girl power, for sure.
Totally felt loved. Thank you, artifice!
Had an insanely long day! Im happy its over!
hey we should talk more often
Dear Bed, I just want to thank you for always being there for me when I needed you the most at night.(^_^)
Best coast covering Rhiannon was very nice.
thanks raquel for retweeting :) can you follow me? it would make my day<3
At w/ winners! Waiting for ! Excited for the #British blokes! For now & are killing it!
Fun research yesterday: Helping my daughter find sources for a paper about Mr. Potato Head.
Awh he's adorable :)
Listeningg to old songs like Let Me Love You By Mario && MJ Songs Bring Back So Much Good Memoriess!!! <3
why isn't tour stopping in south? London, Corbin, Somerset? ???
Glad I spent my birthday with one of my favorite people in the world.. #youreoneofakind :)
What's the going rate for this kind of internship in your neck of the woods?
nope, just awkwardly expressing my desire to go there :)
You know what! It needs to happen ASAP! Because I'm tired of waiting for your EP to come out and so is
I hope Thibs keep rose & Hamilton in so they cn get thr timing back & the feel of playing w/ each other! Plus their shot!
Jenkins is pretty cool
Excellent panel last night! Huge #shoutout to - Thank u 4 the knowledge!
Lebron, this is what you get for your stupid mouthguard.
Insults are the last resort of insecure people with a crumbling position trying to appear confident.
George Lynch your not ! Close um, yeah right .Dream on lady's man
Thumb flick by guide hand adds a second somewhat orthogonal force factor to the targeting solution for the brain.
yeah u make beats? I checked the youtube u got another music page?
i wanna watch madea goes to jail SO BAD right now.
Where do you buy your bandit signs?
I snuck into my own house and hope to escape early tomorrow morning without detection. Hopefully, I can avoid this drama for a while.
Don't even call me, if you got about 2,3 other boos!
sounds interesting. Finishing book tonite. Any recommendations for my next read??
79 degrees in Zachary today? YES!
that your correction was wrong because i didnt you are(you're) life i played your life #notknowingwht2+2=4
Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL. We'll see.
Bummed out. Can't sleep. Fuuuuuuuddddggeeee.
Yrs ago I could say, "It's mother's day you know" and the kids would do whatever I asked. Now it's like saying, "Santa's coming."
I'm swagged out today!
Wha-what??? Big congratulations! Does teaching crwt workshops come with it? Really happy for you!
Someone bring me an icee. My throat is throbbing <U+0001F612>
make sure to post your guesses on the afb forum. (They don't bite.)
If you wait for everything to be perfect, you will end up doing nothing
Day n night
did you guys freakin watch it!?
oh we did. Perfect night, thank you!
I heard they were mailing them the last week of april
YES! RT : Goal for in 2012: find new ways to push visitors to Indy's growing neighborhoods outside of downtown.
Might be the wrong time of year to be headed outdoors...we need a good family fitness regime...
Was wondering when the "Bin Laden was killed on my watch" reminder would come.
Sunburns are stupid and pointless.
Anyone up for running a half-marathon tonight through the city?
yeah girl! I got your graduation open house invitation today :)
I NEED SOME TOO!
goal by Scott Timmins
sweet. Hanging out with you in Chicago should be fun.
Dear , You're welcome. Come back soon! Love,
phuong, Chazz here (mike's friend) - I want to play u in tennis 1 day.
Happy birthday to Dave Gahan of who turns 50 today!
are you hyped for Teen Wolf season 2?
Worst idea ever. Nothing sharp belongs in my pants. RT Nothing scares a chick more than tying a staple remover to your dick
hahaha I'm trying to listen while doing my homework AND watching perfect boys on my screen haha! Last night i entered 200+ times!
Yup Yup! & We just gotta hit each other up thats all because today was too funny
CSM headline asks "With all this natural gas, will we still need oil?" Stupid question. Should be, will we still need coal?
She sucks at math (:
The only reason for me being on Twitter is to bring a smile to bearded face and the less bearded faces of his fans.
some people really have some nerve
just showed number tour billboard !
Only for fools
the #LGTurbowash washer/dryer is preeeeety!
I'm actually with wikipedia on this one.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Good music
Much rather have this rain than the heat
my dad's buying a new car:D
thank you so much! Means a lot!
Epic weekend in Denver! Thank u so much for all the love and support, and it was so great to meet everyone!
i never was mia
THIS IS GETTING CRAZY
I stand waiting for the water to turn on on bathrooms often. Only to find out I had the wrong droids.
on my way to my last chorus concert! this senior year really has gone by fast!
Next up, ProQuest stages a blackout to cash in on Twitter chatter.
im sowwi i am listeing to my last cover by dylan holland ft peyton sanders
sure lol you took it hard!
He wandered into the room telling me his nose was "stuffed." I handed him a tissue, not realizing he was being quite literal.
People have this need on SM to say "I am here." Whether it's a bagel shop or a museum. Love to capitalize on here-ness.
bet thanks man
SAT word of the day: contrite (adj.) penitent, eager to be forgiven
So will I. Believe me. But thank you! (:
I want to give Duffy the benefit of the doubt because of the wet ball but a walk per inning is no bueno.
cheers. Enjoy frisco
My favorite songs are the ones where the singer exclaims "yeah!" at some point.
hmm nah (; you know i love you more so dont even try to beat me haha aaw remember our family me and you jason and angie oww
For the 2nd time in less than two years, house leaks have destroyed my comic book collection- in different rooms no less. Supervillan plot?!
Black Keys Sinister Kid!
Steve Papa of Endeca #SVBCEO "Because it was the Internet Bubble, it took 3 days to raise $1.5 million".
are you working tonight for Greg? I need a golden ticket seat Monday. I'm a trucker passing through from TX to FL.
My dad seriously just made and I's night. What an awesome guy. Lol
Why is it that when a friend snaps a picture saying "look sexy", all I hear is "look like you have chronic wasting disease."
ALOT OF ANYTHING IS NEVA GOOD... SO FUCK IT, DO IT ANYWAY!! #AMBITION'
Fresh Idea: Smile at someone or even yourself.
Recyclemania!! Cone Ballroom today!!! Yummy music and food and info about, um, recycling on campus!
im alright im alright *Ethelwulf Voice*
<U+201C>: i've got photos in the following magazines this month Guitar Player Vintage Guitar <U+201D> awesome!!
how was school yesterday? btw you lost one follower :0 lol
Birthday/Mom's Birthday/Father's Day/Family Reunion trip home booked! On Mother's Day. :-)
Last weekend of rehearsal before tech!! Ah!!! So excited! www.kefproductions.com
Thanks so much!! i really appreciate ur support!! :)
Thanks! Spread the love to your friends :)
I always lie to myself about going to sleep.
Looking toward to seeing you and your friend in Nashville. FOR YOU video by just came on GAC TV. <3 this video<3
I love the new Mexican restaurant Mi Hacienda...1000000 times better than Rancho Grande that place ain't real Mexican
I GOT INTO UVIP AND GOT ROW 10 BUT THEN IT SAYS TIMES UP WHILE I WAS FIGURING OUT THE CODE AND STUFF. FUCK MY LIFE.
Hang out again today?! (:
"Remember Hey Arnold? Rugrats? CatDog? Rocket Power? Kenan & Kel? The Amanda Show?... When Nickelodeon made sense."
500K per START to MISS a start & play GOLF?
"Texas has big opportunities, especially with young people and Latinos" Andy Fernandez, Libertarian Longhorns
lots of good reference today at , geotagging training, sanborn fire insurance maps, reference manuals. now it's
thanks for making me miss my grandfather's funeral & Xmas with my family & adding insult to injury with awful customer service
Always looking for progressive house and electro demos!
I Hate Sitting Up Under The Dryer..Lol My Neck Hot As Hell !
I graduated 2 years ago today.
DS9 ep with Worf as Martok's 1st officer is sheer genius. I frikkin LOVE streaming TV via Amazon Prime on my Kindle Fire. All TREK. Yeah!
Yes, that sounds great.. Let's make this happen soon
congratulations on the publishing deal bro!
Now if I just so happen to be around a shoe store with a lil bit of cash hanging around, I may be leaving with a pair
must root for Spurs!!
Really considering the same however i don't want to loss the many friends i have meet in my travels.
hahahahahah, you know I'd ball all over you!
Eddie this Tony W. I am downtown hit me up 407-217-4152!
(Modes of speaking and listening, presumably)
what comes first? The chicken or the egg?
It's bad. I have switched to Chrome. Firefox is even worse - the Exxon Valdez of memory leaks.
Dear Everyone: My account got hacked. Twitter won't let me directly tell you "sorry 'bout that." So...#sorryaboutthat :(
This cough is killing me
yes, now I need new roters but they can wait till summer!
pfft...its iTunes of course you can't. It would be unreasonable to go longer than that
That is underrated...LOL.
i think it's b/c you have the best name in the burger biz!
u there?<U+0001F614>
you have a boyfriend. did you forget you did? lolololololol.
Itll probably win best picture
some niggas are groupies. that's never tight.
plus Be ready, it's gonna be a crazy and amazing at the same time!
yup us cougars right ! :P
we still outchea
checked yesterday....and Nada!
I cleaned up the barf in the kitchen from our lovely roommate and gave bennie a bath.
Good idea. Been thinking about something like this.
turn the station on the radio, and everyone starts singing loud at the same time.. random :)
I expected them to lose the #series but damn, niggas breaking out brooms.... Smh
This is a very good question, one that I fear I won't like the response to because it will mean little/no pay for journalists
was undergound during earthquake... evacuated metro, not really sure what is going on!
i love it its so cutee
Dude glad you liked it man!!
Just left the gym gettin my swolle on I'm hurting everywhere
next year!
Chugging a Starbucks Venti is never a good idea. Especially when u chug it in 5 minutes :-)
using a purple lightsaber should get your #Mancardrevoked but can definitely pull that shit off.
True believers understand that certain things just cant be explained.
That term is "Refreshing." This helps the food retain its flavor and color.
LMAO that is awesome
Going to work on the album a little bit, and then do some homework
Gmail Fail I've been getting this error all day Oops<U+2026> the system encountered a problem (#000) - Retrying in 22s<U+2026>
Lol like old times! I'm sure Brad would've loved to go with you ;)
Why does confuse me so much. Can we just have a restart?
Right on ;)RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy. #HappyFriday!
That looks so good. Do they deliver? to Nebraska?
Non TT can be co-PIs, but a TT person has to be in the lead.
LOL I've never heard it hahahaha I'll have to check it out :-)
"HATER!! #SpursNationAllDay : I'm unfollowing spurs fans, starting with this guy -----> <U+E405>"
Follow us at for the newest updates!!!!!
Mind your "P"'s & "Q"'s!!! New Numbers and Letters are up now!
God reveals Himself to a seeking mind.
setting the tone...
Susan! Would love to!
My sister's dog is an attention whore/ super lanky and awkward
you want your word to stop being used? lol.
I don't even know
RT : "as society we would be at loss if someone was too intimidated to share their thoughts. "
please keep live tweeting your Downton Abbey viewing. You say the things I keep to myself ( for lack of fellow viewers).
Fun thing to do on May the Fourth: piss off shorts guys by asking them: 'aren't you a little short for a storm trooper?'
oh, exciting...where did you find that?
Life isn't easy..
Oh, ok
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU #SWANK n
If ppl cnt C nothing wrong w/ ths bulls game w/ the refs calling ths bogus calls against them! Something wrong. The nba need 2 look at ths
free rent 0:-)
haha, it's just the way it always is Elin. But I have used for over 2 years. Pink streaks ( :
for sure!!! I agree w/ you on that one
Support my girl Dawn!!! #housemusic RT : New MN2S with Reelsoul & Dawn Tallman - now live on !
congrats on the new furry addition to your family! Please share a pic.I hope your two legged family members are doing well too!
<U+201C>: One more #FF for the NYC Fam! <U+201D> I always got love for the BAY!
word up bro... Good look
RT Blake Griffin is so Gay Lmao #KiaSport really guy?
they not ready for it lol
Why are all vinnyss attractive. LOl ceptt this one I know but besides him the rest are like unfunfunf
we need to roll down to FCS, and stop wasting money on an exhibition sport. We'll get the same players and actually win a few.
I know I was devastated..
Now thats something you don't see.. a mexican guy and a whitegurl....YEAHH BUDDYY!!! haha
yes its a pain in the ass
TheHoopGroup thanks for following me on Twitter!
Let's get #MahoneMonday trending ! (: yes ?
Maybe GOP should construct the Binky Bill providing free pacifiers for our far out, leftist "friends"?
One down, two to go.
Cracked my phone worse...awesome.
Happy Monday!! Rise n grind
hey OpsMarkets peeps, the password for the 82 Mercer wifi is admonsters2012
yea, just hate poland
im happy for you
Watching the South Park episode where Stan & Kyle build a clubhouse to play truth or dare. Totally forgot Stan's parents get divorced!
<U+201C>: Yeah they really do be getting over<U+201D>
Awesome! You set the orchestra in tune with your "A", the love and passion of music is ever within us with each of every day.
Tech can help make it a flow instead of an event.
Using rails engines to segregate long running feature tests... Very interesting.
Craving some delicious sushi? Go to Kiku Japanese Restaurant and make sure to bring you student ID to receive a 40-50% discount!
We need some more Park faculty here to join the discussion on the merits of tenure...
Is the oil spill in the gulf Obama's Katrina? I hope not!
Does anyone know any online tools for sharing student poetry?
Get $$$ AllDay I can sleep when I Die!!!
Hello sweetie hope things are going good with you
Remember when I got engaged? Wooohooo!
and my heart cries. He was the most unique voice on television. We all loved him. He will be missed
RT<U+201C> I lowkey miss my ex<U+201D>
aww poor thing
#bitcheswhowontdateme all 10's and above
Our Scottsdale location currently has Very Berry Sorbet and Strawberry Lemonade Sorbet!
"The thing about fucking in a Prius is that you don't have to feel guilty afterwards."
If you can't cut it down to 8-min of material, try just talking faster. ;)
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don`t use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
Ah! Way to rub it in!
Q:Where does your O2 come from? A:My oxygen is imported from the summit of Kilimanjaro and kept in a flask under my gills.
If I remember correctly, lower court held no evidence actual confusion; no prospect of dilution. I remember wondering why...
I'm actually seeing him in San Diego on May 6th. I'll be back in Cali for the whole summer!
Goodnight plz follow <U+E056> love u so much and i hope ur having an amazing time in florida <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
Brb too busy strutting like to care about you ~
It won't be too thick to drink with a straw by then.
glad u like the stuff. If you would like some free tickets to see us at House Of Blues on September 5th, let us know.
These late night ads.. 350,000 people in wisconsin sit n smoke on it
dam i fell off the twitter train but im back on
New library hours: Wednesdays, 3-6 p.m. Stop by and visit.
pretty sure I asked you that everyday we lived together RT : RT : Do I need a jacket?
News PGA Tour Confidential: Steve Williams's racial insult, HSBC Champions Our panel debates Steve Williams's racial dig at
Seeing Dirty Dancing at There had better be a group cheer at "Nobody puts Baby in the corner," people!
Jamming to drake as I wait 4 my brother
you are now I see thanks for the Follow
great day in the mornin he's right! "the album was so good it made me smack my dog and marry my wife"--josh, va.
Let's hope no one has a pacemaker.
hahahahhaa i wanna see :o by the way are you coming w allegra and me after school so we go together?
Social tagging validates others' tags- builds online community of observation & comparison. Works for art museums- others?
shower then sleep
So they painted and cleaned the terrible elevator in my building, and for some reason it smells worse now...
that's classic!
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
I have been gone from twitter for way too long! This is what happens when you lose your job, find another, and spend 3 wks traveling
Good one. Or I put the ick in classics.
Just come on down and the bartender can set you up. One time $20 fee, but then we give you $53 for ever 53 different beers!
so happy for you Tiff! love ya <U+2665>
oh by the way to add to that
and I are so sad to hear that our favorite spot is closing! Im coming sunday for my last meal!
I'm going to be in the car for 2 hours! Can you play Boyfriend by
fuck this night!
yes :D just one!
Yep. His atty was on GMA this morning also. There will be more and Trayvon will be portrayed negatively. It's coming.
Just ordered my books but they're gonna come from April 27 - May 14 THATS A LONG TIME!!
Holtgraver walked away with the sprint feature! I don't think I fared very well in #fantasydirt tonight lol
#np Corinne Bailey Rae - Call me when you get this
Theatre ReActs research methinks! RT ...DO NOT LET BIOLOGY DICTATE YOUR CHEESE AND CHOCOLATE CONSUMPTION!
I'm going 2B one well dressed lady today... here we go!
Shout out to our amazing supporters (1 of 2)
"No one's happiness but my own is in my power to achieve or to destroy."
Eggnog Tea doesn't taste much like egg nog... but it's still a good black tea :)
What to do tonight????
Pt. 1: Girl on Draw Something just yelled at me for not picking a 3-coin word, and then proceeded to spell her word as her drawing.
text me?
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice. William James
I know who is!
We've arrived! Checking out #krannert now -pretty awesome!
lol good one
perhaps that email was meant for your evil twin... Happy April Fools?
Follow team take money
I am trying to get outside more today, too. I was inspired by the others last night!
I need to start packing snacks like
What other office has all the TVs turned to the #RedSox game? One of the perks of working at Go Sox!
If it's too late for love to change your mind, then it's goodbye time.
sorry i got on Tweet Limit on NicksgitlyoyoxD LOL nd Yes i Love Boy Shoes :)ILYShawty<3
Good luck! I am writing two DOE grants this week, too. Can't wait until the deadline!
Wait. So... Jason Biggs isn't Jewish?
you're the best!
I HAVE to have this vacation soon! It's a month away too long.. I'm one pissy fuck.
omg me too! I have this + a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago I have yet to try! #product.hoarder :)
Clarkie Sacked Madness
I hate it when I say something funny, and then some bitch says it louder and gets all the credit.
Do you watch Teen Mom 2? What did you think of the girls last night?
Not gonna happen. We got this
GRILLED FLATBREAD Caramelized Onions, Ricotta, Spinach and Pine nuts
thanks for mention of THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE. Fabulist book! :-)
serious story. One person died. Roughly 10 injured. Two others taken by flight for life
I agree with u. I'm sure those well known schools are expensive huh? But I'm assuming its worth spending! Thx again buddy!
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. <U+2014>Wayne Gretzky
Need to get my computer fixed so I can edit some more footage
at first i thought this said body odor lol yeah i know im looking for my reading glasses lol
Even after the War ended he refused to modify or lower the bills powers it granted the President.
Hahaha....maybe in the next phase :)
but he could obviously get more xD but hows Sarah look from inside(; still pretty?! (:
thanks luke ;)
I miss you! I hope you're having fun at work! I love you hubby.
Happy Labor Day to all! Hope you have enjoyed the long weekend!
thanks and congratulations to the others!!!
I always sing the songs on the radio that I hate
In Mr. Viv class listening to Love to love you baby by Donna Summers
no why?
Fun, muddy, laugh-filled wkend with & has come to an end. Always an adventure! Safe travels home.
I'd win so fast it'd be a waste of time :)
Except on Jersey Shore! Those dudes usually get painted as crazy when they flip out too.
Just got a "Tumara Nam Kya Haye?" in College Park. Finally putting my Hindi to work!
And I smiled, and I was happy, and it did get worse
Quit breaking my heart
Goin to sleep for a few jus finished studying sum....back up at 7 for the rest
only can get a table change if you have a piece of the player or are partners bankroll wise or something right?
but from recent research I CAN tell you that online poker players make more $ than pro soccer players. ;)
What is the average airspeed of a coconut laden swallow?
who cares!
lmfao damn forreal thats too long apart from each other<U+0001F622><U+0001F631>
RT for a chance to win a FREE $10 TAB to use here tonight! It's also #ToxicTuesday which means $2 YOU-CALL-ITS!
When your parents talk to you about sex. <
aw, thanks so much! Just checked out your site, awesome stuff too!
When your hungry everything taste so good
Sans the ?, typo on my part. - GL
1000's of homes across America in need of repairs equal MILLIONS OF JOBS!!!!!!! How many times do I have to repeat myself, I guess alot
More on the bizarre incident on a Jet Blue flight out of New York.. made emergency landing in TX & Captain was acting very strange. News8
MARCH IS CUNY VOTER AWARENESS MONTH. Voter Registration Drive at Queens College today from 11 - 3pm with NYPIRG & Delta Sigma Theta.
They'll speak negatively about us but jealousy has taking over their minds.The words they try to break us down with only makes us stronger.
Today, my administration will host a Private Sector Job Fair at the Cradle of Aviation from 10am to 2pm.
Senior night theme for tomorrow, America. No joke
*Young Street vaults into your timeline*
OH before i forget , seen todayy (;
This weather has me beyond relaxed!
Chillin wit my boy
RT if you like --- it's FREE pretzel Saturday, come to Tacoma Mall for your pretzel!
you can call me if you dont (:
I'm pretty sure claustrophobia is the reason I can't keep a beard on my face for more than a few weeks
ok, Q&A over. thanks to and for joining (at least my end of) the conversation! really fascinated by this stuff.
What's good tonight...
Super Grande? Red Head Spider Girl? What
Had a great time at the USD vs SDSU game. I can't wait until it gets hot again!
I can't wait to see the Hunger Games. Omgomgomg.
This is annoying my iHeart radio isn't working.
watching doctor oz show!!!
New BG thanks to >>
Shut yo mouth!
Me and Ryan Gosling at FunFunFunFest! in case you missed it. Azz Everywhere!
Same to you guys, let's get together soon! : Congrats to you on a great issue! Happy Spring!
\(<U+00B0>o<U+00B0>\) - when i know an answer in class.
the things whispered here seems to be the things best heard.
<U+201C>You have to see it to be it. Picture your objective and achieve it.<U+201D>
Im lost can u show me something
#dead RT : ": Just inhaled my first cig #YOLO" you now have lung cancer congrats
- glad you agree! I was going to, but kept thinking it would be overkill. I have a 5 month old so for piece of mind -I will do it!
Excited for the weekend. I GET to write a paper & attend The Truth About Choice at Dominican University.
Have you ever had the feelin that you was bein had?
Conf. call with Knowledge Community Reps. What an amazing group of professionals! Everyone should join a NASPA KC!
Girl, ima take you to the finest place in town... Olive Garden! Wine and Dine cause damn girl you SO FINE!
Some shit you shouldn't talk about because you know nothing about it
Will be attending Center for American Progress Action Fund, Progressive Priorities: Budget Disc. with Gene Sperling & Rep. Chris Van Hollen
yep, I'm the definition of cool
Justin Is More Than A Name, Is A Legend. Never Say Never Is More Than A Phrase, Is A Lifestyle <3 Justin Is My World
Writing and sex is a thing of beauty.
Awesome TV series...I work 4 the G...intel & LE background... Luv ur show...NCIS is wife & my favorite...happy 200th :-)
loving every minute of 's new album. you rock, wally!
Wondering...how do you ask a celebrity if they would mind you telling others that they purchased from you?
Fulfilling a lifetime dream this summer...teaching Pre-K - 1st Grade Vacation Bible School!!!
one day you treat me like your best friend, the next day you treat me like shit. id rather not be friends at all if this is how its gonna be
Feelin myself!!! At the moment!!
Just got my GT-R! Awesome! I'll post some pics soon
^I like that one(;
WALK for Community Empowerment! Create a team, get sponsors, volunteer for the event! Join us Oct. 29, 2011 @ Branchbrook Park!
Betrail hurts, expecially when it's somone you trust. It just shows that you can only trust yourself.
thanks 4 the followback! if you need sharpening or new scissors call text or tweet! new webstore will b up soon! have a great day!
#idol - Hollie nailed it! Better than the original even.
"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in."
Imitation is the best form of flattery! I love it when others try to be like The Sports Rabbi! But there is only one!
im done trying so hard, what ever happens happens
hey its not my faul i left my gyn bag in my locker and and least i want to smell fresh!!
#3WordsOfAdvice use a rubber.
You got it. Thanks for having me on the show again, I had a great time!
"Midnight" should earn about $4.3 in the UK
Yeah it did die down a little this year.
TGIF! Have a great weekend! Freedom Ford is open all weekend so come on in and take advantage of our BIG tire sale! Up to $100 cash rebate!
nah, they'd call it "apples & apples" I bet, though.
Saw a guy last night swinging dumbbells like they were golf clubs.
Throw some milk on her. Lick it off. Hoe. Ha.
#Surrey wickets are falling faster than Andrew Lansley's public support.
It's embarrassing to accidentally un-mute Angry Birds while playing it in the men's room stall at work. Or so I'm told.
Don't you ever believe.
or the newest drink at Jamba Juice
sounds like a nice server :)
Prayers out to everyone now...God bless!
S/O to and his Clippers. Beat Spurs, Sincerely a Mavericks fan
I think we'll have a contest where we'll give away some Happy Black Friday Cakes - getting it setup now
Happy Labor Day! Half Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm!
Big tings a gwan.
#ThankYouEdge for the great matches u gave us!!!
I'm trying not to have to an attitude or get mad at him but Damn its hard ... I'm doing everything to stay calm kus I'm boutta loose it !
<U+201D>We must work on sentence structure. Also, look in the mirror to check your skin tone.<U+201D>
I just ate something absolutely delicious and I have no idea what kind of animal it was.
When your trying so hard to make everyone happy, and nothing goes right.
It's the tail-end of #aam2012 and I am exhausted & exhilerated. Lots of intriguing people to follow, new connections and friends. Huzzah!
Yes you can
no way just give em a call today! It's easy
where is cody!!!!!!???????? he is suposed to be on live! where are you cody
nope lol we start Saturday lol
Great retreat with my Vistage group. Golf and learning all in one!
omfg! if this little girl doesnt stfu im going to beat the living shit out of her. i dont fuck care if she is seven!!!!!!!!!
What u watching?
no problem :) thanks again for the interview, we'll let you know when it's posted :)
: #thingsidoduringsex Call the girl a b*tch that way I never mess up and call her by the wrong name.
in class online! i am not 100% sure if she;s guilty, but I think shes sketch as hell! I think she should get
OMG, I've seen exactly 2 minutes with15 seconds of LadyGaga performing at the BTW ball, she's the most amazing & beautiful performer EVER!
no not dis year its the pats an giants
- nah! he'll switch around a bit. just letting it flow
LOVE IT!!! You are truly living "Your Life..Your Purpose!"
Thanks for confirming I'm not crazy. Glad I'm not the only one!
hahahaha sadly no not today maybe friday tho!
Thank you for sharing our posts!
Fabulous dinner last night ! Bone marrow app was a hit w/our marrow newbie peeps. Night cap after #AdamCarolla was perfect!
Would you be interested in doing a short write-up on the 9th District race & the recent forums for our blog?
Doug Kalitta and Ron Capps opened the 2009 Full Throttle Drag Racing Series season with wins in Funny Car...
Nice game! RT :
I'll love you like no other guy can. I'll treat you like a princess. I'll show you off to the world. I'll hold you close. You'll be mine.
im done now
I love my Kindle. My only complaint is that it's not a touch screen...but now it is!
Kick off your weekend here at Outwrite with 10/20/30 % Off SALE BIG Double Punch Drink of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha
Yes, we live in the Bay Area. I love their salsa.
has a Toronto review ever gone in Kings favor?
there was a atricle in my local paper yesterday for everyone to check the sex offender registry before goin out!!
Wondering what the effect of Steve Jobs will have on Apple's future?
My mom didn't pack me a spoon to eat my snack pack
heading to for lunch today if you want to find out who I am. I'll be the one eating a really awesome sandwich!
blah this school.. only a week left.
Let the winds blow outside. Warm up with new spring merchandise. Open Friday and Saturday 9:30 am to 6:00 pm.
Getting a phone call from a happy, proud parent is stronger than caffeine as a great way to start the day
literally feel like my sinuses are going to explode
What recharges your theatre batteries?
A good deal is a good deal only when its a deal for both parties.
Nugs need to start cheating like the Spurs.
"Deliver our core value. Don't get fancy." - Kevin Saghy on handling Twitter
Sweet, can't wait! My husband and I love the show, y'all are hilarious!
Lol Jody said I do people wrong .
<U+201C>: You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you.<U+201D>
Lana Del Ray
My guy Bosh is out.. we still ridin
What's with all the pop ups on yahoo? they're everywhere now
its annoying when people say their ugly just to get attention.
Look on Yelp under Protect Painters Central Austin. You'll see that we're the best! It cost more to fix a mistake then hire quality to start
Pretty quick, I'll need their writing copy & payment to get started. Have them email me and I'll walk them through it
- And I'll be looking for you on
": #Libra's love an environment full of glamour and sensuality."
I neva Was tha type to break they Heart until they Broke mine ' What goes around comes around Hearts were broken both times - Diiamon'd
T2 Maybe I should just get or to be my PCP... I feel they could meet my medico-political needs :)
I have a healthy obsession with trip hop.
im sad.....anyone wanna give me a hug?
RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi & you might make it on
I'm completely dry thanks though at least I know who you are hahaha
So many kids receiving free swimming lessons today- and USA Swimming Foundation gave Chula Vista $5,000 to educate more instructors
Socialjusticesexuality.com to find out more about us!!!!! *(-_-)*
Thanks to and 12K people showed for an awesome exhibition game in Toledo. Great way to start the season.
We got some great new edibles in over the weekend....good timing b/c it's 20% off all edibles all day Monday!
You really know how to put a smile on someone's face.
W Jake from airforce, Out on deck, east side (right when come outside). Meet us out here?
hope u quit soon lol
We hope everyone had a great Sunday! If you follow football, were you watching today?
I want all the allergens to join together, pool their money and buy me new eye makeup.
Someone should make quilts based off old No Limit CD covers.
Texas Storms<3
Fight the heat with cold, hard cash...learn about our $1000 bonus offer @ our info session, Holler Park Lodge, 6:30-8 p.m. tomorrow, July 19
Good Morning, America!
MT : . rocked #TED, showed how apps can revolutionize hydrant clearing, dead possum removal + fix municipal govts // Yay.
Finally unlocked all the levels on Zombie Highway.
One could only hope. I'll also accept an "American Idiot" clone... That's not "21st Century." You know.
Shake it Shake it like you bouts to get paid! :]
when I get back. Game night!
when did lee go c a polar bear??!
I'm kind of in love with your gf. I may steal her next time she's in Sac.
<U+201C>: I play TUBA<U+201D> OMG
Wow. That ESPN story on boxer Paco Rodriguez was hard-hitting. great work E:60!
"I don't understand how these people think they're relaxed because they're not. They just have nothing to do." Well played
<U+201D>Act with confidence<U+201D> <U+201D>Sieze the moment<U+201D> w
US-Advance
We'll take the win!
I'm the type of girl that will start laughing, in the dead of silence, about something that happened yesterday :)
who's coming next week? your mom?
Just had lunch with Bill and Chelsea Clinton (well, we were sitting at different tables). Loved it.
i forgot my bday! Haha its on the 6th of november!
Who actually believes that Obama will get a second term. He will be a lame-duck president after the Novemember elections...just watch!!
hahah I'm pretty sure we are.
how about none? Lmfao, come on both days.
Good day very beautiful and can't stop smiling hearing this beautiful birds singing humming chirpin .. good morning to u too
well it
come to germany pleease i cant stand that u just over there in america!! :( :D <3
Oh, because I said but, I ment to say
searching for book of job quotations in GB corpus of 19th-century british english...large queries are great for suspense!
Sure, I'm game.
I'm interested! and not just because of the free lunch.
We can stop Photo ID in MN, but we need to take action now. Tell Sen Majority Leader Senjem NO to putting Photo ID into MN const'n.
:D i love you too babygirl :-*
any run is good, but a morning run is even better!
lol, thats ok w/all of us from here!
OH: "M as in Money." What, Mary is no good anymore?
One bad thing about taking Friday off - playing catch-up on Monday...
Find best of the best, provide intensive training esp social voice, then empower, coach & recognize!
Discussing the Delmon Young situation and the fallout to come for the Tigers. 248-848-1130.
you're so purdy...
Happy Memorial day to everyone!!!
JUST FEEL LIKE SPREADING MY LOVE ALL AROUND... ;-0
is back to doing actual work
And to Spring Lee for gathering the group! Go AEBP 2009!
": its 5am McFaddens nights I'm going to miss the most " We wont miss you
The #DFL sucks. #Minnesota needs the #Vikings. Remember how long it took Pro #hockey to return? It cost a new #stadium anyway!
what time does second start?
did lee die?
I hate Bob Dylan. He can't sing and his songs are terrible.
Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid we sedn to other countries to help with our deficit?
it does......its getting better.....but still ..... the head is throbbing
Fake people will wish you the best as long as that benefits them ...
If you only have 200 followers why do you have 40,000 tweets?...what the hell!!
Open from 8:30-11a and today will be here at 11a to see our #homeless community members in need of services
Bush & Cheney used 9/11 to demagogue us into a Trillion Dollar War. You'd think they'd let Mr. Obama have a little ad.
I only fuck with those who fucks with me.
Sometimes the hardest part of helping others is getting them to want to help themselves.
#ThingsWomenWant: Someone they can trust. Without trust there is no relationship. Trust is the foundation.
Now it's time for
YES! Kids asleep & I get 2 watch commercial free! My only solo ME time all week!
A new program coming to the University of Baltimore in 2013. M.S. In Innovation Management & Technology Commercialization. Very cool!
A2 'Horton Hears a Who'- Because "A person's a person, no matter how small"
I can see yo ass cheeks. LOL.
What a beautiful day to work 98th and Sage!
Let's dance together , party together - uhh ! Its the lyrics song . Hahha ! <3
I'd stop by, but I've got a deadline! RT : pretty sure I'm sitting right below you if you're in the media suites.
Time for haircut. Waiting for next char. It's like a doctors office here.
Everyone get serious and start following Russell Brand "RustyRockets"
Performing in riverside tomorrow! During service playing 2 songs and playing a full set in the cafe See you all there!
What made you decide to go with that platform for your daily deals?
''The only reason why you get facebook likes,it's because your profile picture is looking whorish''lmao,that made me laugh.
It's all about the kids Jay. RT : Nice Tostitos logo on Stanford and OSU unis. I'm sure it's all for their own good.
There's so much #opportunity out here these days...Yet u still don't try 2get it
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Twisting Holiday Balloons!
"The chastisement for our peace was upon Him, And by His stripes we are healed." Isaiah 53:5
Thx for adding me
are u the first one rapping
who fought?
ROFLMAO!!! I saw her name pop up last night, somebody said for
they spend all day dicking around on social networks instead of fixing their crap.
Not happy with #costumealibi for not deelviering my Peter Griffin mask in time. Sure glad I dropped the extra $10 to get it in time.
i'm looking at people i used to know just settling. i refuse to settle, not until i establish myself. sorry (but not really).
I wish I was living back In the day when there was less gays, less violence, better music and when people just be who they are.
My avi shows my dream school and dream girl
I refuse to be anyone but me!
How did you do at #CMM?
how ironic because that's what his head looks like now
Love UbD--we're looking at the new #CCSS UbD framework materials as we transition.
Won't hologram Tupac be a bit anticlimactic the second time around?
Itz been along time since I've followed all bcuz I'm so inlove with my boo
I love the voice!
A big #FMRevolution welcome to #TAFP member and FMRP faculty member ! Show her some love, y'all!
Congratulations to the NY Giants for winning the 2012 Super Bowl!
about to head to the wake for Pawpaw..... Very sad here at their house.... I miss him so much!! ughh why did he have to go??? :'(
Sometimes I look at couples and wonder if the other is actually interested in what one is saying? Or if the sex is really good
Born and raised under the desert sun. Humidity? What's that?! Oh, right.
Saw The Lorax last night and Star Wars 3D tonite, were both very good for what they were. Plus, the company was incredible
RT : If you want to get somewhere before sundown, you can't stop at every tavern./uNLESs u r going west-really fast!
Pickup lines for old people: Grandpa: Hey baby, you better call life alert, cause ive fallen for you and cant get up.
It's not a very big step from contentment to complacency. - Simone de Beauvoir
I haven't been this happy in awhile.
I have a heart attack everytime the church falls on johnny
Hi my name is... And I like to spork. Cuddlers Anonymous Confession
Thanks a lot! You got it!
when spirituality becomes too serious the sacred gets lost--or vice versa
Wow--thanks! We will likely be back next Thursday night.
While i'm here #ThinkinBoutYou you're there thinking about her <l3...
He said "NCIS" and people shouting and fighting and carrying on. <U+0001F612>
We are giving away another iPad! "Like" The Bienstock Group page on Facebook to be entered in the drawing for a chance to win an iPad3!
aimless is my middle name
Hahaha I love all of this
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it."
I'm So Glad to call myself a #Mahomie Showing you some
So might be singing at disney hall dont know if I should do it or not lol
Morrissey Monday at Charmington's! Also: fresh Macoun apples from Reid's Orchard in whole or muffin form.
Yay! Best news I've heard all week!
I can't get the images to load. I've been trying since this morning..
Please check out this website. Doing good things on multiple levels.
Can't wait for tomorrow. Happy to be feelin better.
Look for $DNN to keep going up tomorrow it moved up $0.12 today at $1.06 a share you can double your money in 3 mths
I've never seen so much excitement for GREASE before!
Jammed the songs on guitar and drums today. Ain't the same with no bass but practice is practice!
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Today's #walk - came upon a man playing the clarinet - warming up for church performance of faith of our mothers - my mom played clarinet
Intro, schmintro, just write it. OR... Have someone else write it.
my twifey, my love, my boo lol so yall dudes stay away
hot like mexico
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .......
sitting next to two outrageously pretentious art museum snob-o-philes. ass monkeys have no clue.
This! RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Jus Left Rays Boom Boom Room! Lmao~
only in conjunction with girls in skimpy clothing. Otherwise it just gets weird
RT-great day// Nice!!
I'm going to stop taking birth control the next time we fight and trap you forever
Thanks for RTing our Extras call, will be a fun shoot!
---i will b there!
I couldn't ask for a better best friend. She always makes me laugh and is always there. She's like my only true friend.
Don't know him personally. Just think he's a pretty good reporter. I enjoy reading him.
I wanna go home :-(
when is the music video your doing gonna come out??? :)
There's nothing like being told you lack critical thinking skills & common sense because of your political beliefs..
How do I do that. I am still learning twitter :( help me?? :(
Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy inherent in the Village Voice's position.
Back in Oakland with the rest of , #summerclass starts tomorrow
You're welcome! Loved the idea - couldn't agree more. Moms are just good at getting stuff done! ;)
owning it up again
Thanks for RT and for a great PDI conference.
finna go to work N make dis cash - on my day off - just cause - LOL..... Ya Digg..
Kudos to all the single moms out there. I feel like I totally failed tonight. Rough night. But tomorrow is another day! Love my girl.
Fast little dog escaped. Marathoner hubby caught her! Whew! So scared we'd lose her. Suddenly dinner wanted to make reappearance.
thats sad. how are u?
Thanks for following, Larry!
Happy Charter Day to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. <U+0394><U+0392> Chapter! chartered March 15,1949 at Eastern Michigan University
Go ahead & bring that Hoocka..Hoocka back!!!! Only in the BOOT!!!! You know!!!!!!!
I wonder if Rudy is happy now.
RT is going to a GIS Happy Hour! Feel free to join us the Brass Monkey. 55 Little West 12th Str, Manhattan. Come on down.
How much did spend for Google ad space on preroll ads? She's been on almost ever video for a WEEK.
After two long months I finally see the citibank commercial I shot.
Great Day today..Just found out i'm working on mother's day):
I get more ass than a toilet seat
how can I help?
That is actually a really good idea! They should do that.
If u from the hood... show love 2 the hood n share or retweet this 4 us 1 time --->
SECCA Community Day - rain or shine. Family fun art education projects. Break dancing demos. FREE. Noon to 5pm. www.secca.org
Making a difference one person at a time creates a better world for everyone.
Good strategy. RT<U+201C>: #Brewers Nyjer Morgan on 2012: "I want to stay out of the principals' office. That's Plush's only goal."<U+201D>
Maybe some big news in the works, more to come when I know more... This is NOT an emergency message. About "FILMMAKING "
#WFSAScriptTip : Only if your story style warrants it: No matter the length, try to change your pace *at least* three times.
Rubber bands <<<<<
nice. :). We are planning 12 now. Cheers
It's been a great semester for RPS Libraries! Thanks to everyone for visiting us and we will see you in January!
im Hungry you Bitches!!!
Just because it's Pie Day doesn't mean you have to be irrational, turn your "junk" into cash on !
Im still mad tho..
I'm probably just gonna go creep my friend whose working at pappas
wat no invite. See that's b.a.n shit
lmao i know or asking me what to wear...lol but next friday we have to go hard well i dont want to drink as much
Morning Be-Love's! It's a great day because The Son is shining! Love ya!
Good movie: "Even The Rain" (Tambi<U+00E9>n la lluvia). Exciting, but sad. Thank goodness for theater for showing it.
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20% off your purchase! Use Code: CORKY #41points #nosweep 4
Can you quit going to places that I want to go? Thanks.
be kind to my K9 that you're picking up
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that a man can't spend his whole day in the Masjid he has to go work & provide as well as care for his family
alright . lol . im sure we both know .
Inspired by results at the port from peaceful protests.
I love the #BobKnight discount double check commercial
I love Bobbi Newman's Alice in Wonderland theme for her presentation on learning from failure.
But is it also nice for ESPN to make it out to be a big deal to hurt the BE image before contract negotiations?
#Yahoo! Jerry Yang finally out. On to greener pastures.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one that saw him holding her hand..
Watching now! :)
I hate that song
I'm freaking pissed...
In digital age, it makes no financial sense to cut down trees, entire process of producing newspaper.
I'm wearing my contacts today.. My class will be like " omg where your glasses?" hahaha
umma rep Texas \m/
Thank you for braving the elements today and coming in for our fish sandwich. Hope to see you again soon!
Ordinary Girl + Natural Talent + True + Amazing Family + Amazing Fans = Teen Inspiration & Idol = Demetria Devonne Lovato <3
The Town
were you even a girl scout????
retweet this if you love your finland fans :)
On my way to the "Can Independents Reform America?" Conference in NYC! so looking forward to this important conference!
I can admit when they are bad They are 1-2. Plain and simple I'm still a realist That doesn't mean I'll stop being a fan
MERRY CHRISTMAS Everyone!! I hope you have a wonderful safe one!!
At the tweet up for
'Turn To You' has that Down to earth feel to it, a song that has an actual meaning and comes from his heart. it's beautiful.
maybe it is all the booze and weed. You might want to take a break for a little while.
Non-lottery draft order goes by regular season record. Lakers pick for the Cavs will be 24.
#SaturdayNightGleever is amazing so far!!!! Everyone is just phenomenal!
Bryce Harper had a hissy fit that ended with him just missing blinding himself with a broken bat. Gotta admire the way he plays...
The Diminishing Digital Divide
como dude i'll put an x after every tweet ! Haha
One more day
I had skittles and kool-aid.
I want Glee to perform Don't Stop Believing one last time before graduation.
thank you! I was a ballet dancer growing up. Now I do a lot of yoga, boxing and regular workouts like Barry's Bootcamp.
It's fantastic to hear from you as well, I miss your passion & energy! And OK, I miss your tasty in-office treats as well! ;-)
nice work :)
Which we will be blasting in the parking lot of Miller Park this summer when we go to games and tailgate all the time!
had a great day at work. up and coming artist gave us a super performance. extremely talented! heading off to bed in a bit
She's the black sheep of the fam. We're all creatives, she's the one w/ a business degree. Gonna kick ass for Target Corp.
grounded in va!
no doubt
Taholah at Naselle softball and baseball has been postponed. A make-up date is to be determined.
looking at old pictures i posted on twitter. i miss the immaturity.
<U+0001F612><U+0001F612><U+0001F612> omg I told you he's just my friend and dont forget we're cousins
advises j-educators to focus less on specific skills and more on approach, attitude, ethic, ability to learn
$19 for 1 Month of Calorie Burning, Energy Boosting Motivational Boot Camp at Greg's Fitness ($110 Value)
Mac Planet: Go the kicker for all new FileMaker - New Zealand Herald
hahaha I know but I love the wisdom.
Thanks! We adopted her nearly 16 years ago, and she's been a grand friend.
our writers are hitting the shops to score more Jenga games for tomorrow's happy hour @ Moe Bar
I wish - going to indoor Lax tomorrow night watching the little dude work on his left hand and take some big rips.
will we get an email telling us if we are one of the lucky few?
Mike Mayock thinks the Bears will take Chandler Jones with their first pick. Chandler Jones' brother is Jon "Bones" Jones. I approve.
An excellent case study of a Wisconsin Small Business leveraging social media effectively:
Im wonderstruck blushing all the way home
I still cant tell whats real ._.
its your employer who is beating the 2 stories to DEATH.... Let's talk a little baseball ESPN. Whatcha think QB KILLA?
not sleeping anyway though...what's up w that?
Put me at the head of the dork shorts list. I want to go first and set the standard for dorkiness.
thanks Lucas ... break a leg tmrw.
I would prefer sh for Salesman's samples rather than Dummies. And my instinct might be to use a $h[realia] or [object]?
Thinking about you, beautiful!!
is performing Tuesday evening at Emmanuel Church, 7:30pm! Mozart, Ravel and Mendelssohn.
I see hipsters in #Millwood. Does that mean it's cool to live in the #Spokane Valley now?
Haha that my it but seriously it's not working btw hi Roman
what was on that pizza?
Cant Wait!
happy birthday fam
im great family , how about you bro . Wyd this weekend
is on ustream
Is it just me, or does anyone else think the poster looks like Emily Skinner?
I am<3
i would too but my family would flip out lmao
Trying to become a bigger presence social media wise. Will try to tweet at least once a day with updates on anything film and gear.
A Bollywood music video cover of "Zoot Suit Riot" would probably be pretty entertaining.
Cool, the USA is leading in
AUSSIES: VMA's are on MTV on the 29th of August 4pm. (:
I kno rite I miss u, how everthing goin?
I saw the flour mill and loved that feature. So unique. I don't usually get excited over an antique.
Exactly! I have eaten all the evidence...LOL!
Just like a Pats safety, perfect. MT : Don Draper would make a dreadful free safety. Terrible instincts/poor closing speed..
Attending pre-conference webinar, Integrating E-Books and E-Readers into Your Library, offered by with Sue Polanka.
Experience will be key. We got that ;-) #GoSpursGo #TimDuncan Timmmeeyyyy! Nite everyone! :-)
note to self: make a romantic movie where half the cast is transsexual. Let the audience play "who's the man/woman"
yeah tried the editing part and it wouldn't work. I ended up printing and scanning. But couldn't scan as a PDF. Did a .PNG :/
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional...Looking for District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
don't worry this kinda love is unconditional ;) cc ,
. Help us spread the word about a #VAGOP majority in the Senate. We can make it happen with your vote
Thunder or the windows rattling
@ thank you for the mention k Kevin Cheng
The swans have gone...
y is it that.. since i became emotionally detatched.. he doin all the right things... too late..
Niggas faking hard to be a twitter star you can buy a rozay but cant buy a car niggas faking like they got it but really they be hurting.
Best we can hope for is the "Columbus Ohioans" RT : So IF Columbus were to get a NBA team, what should the mascot be?
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed, the one that gives you hair that insists on flipping out
Followed, Follow back?(:
Just DM'd u
calling BS on your sources
<U+2665> Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others <U+2665>
Students mask their insecurities with their tone which is often casual & sarcastic. We need to first boost their confidence
RT : #scholarlyattrib Borgman granularity of data citation messy. For papers at least we know what 'object' being cited (mostly!)
Ha! Some of the muppets have great hair! Looking forward to meeting you! : Good thing my hair is like a muppet's today -
Impromptu #eatuptweetup at 3rd & Boston for some Who's in? I'm craving some wiener.
You should have a poll for people to vote their favorite :D
Right back at you! :) Thank you for the RTs > Have a great day! -- mySA_health ()
"If you're a bird then I'm a bird." - The Notebook<U+201D>
#oomf needs to stop hating
Went over my online progress testing. Goal was 216 got 227 :) woohoo!
is to
You have to be FIRM, but FAIR. Keep your dancers in check, otherwise they will walk all over you.
Yea boy u like it, yea boy u like it, love it wen u talk that talk to me yea!
<U+2018>The Last Temptation<U+2019> remains relevant
I swear people pull the randomest shit out of thier asses and make "holidays" out of it. happy national pretzel day???
watching the McLaughlin Group....I feel like I just stepped into the 90s.
WOW! RT : A bride-to-be asks her bridesmaid to remove her dental braces for wedding photos. Today on
Is the Lincoln-Reagan Dinner starting at 7PM ? I thought it was at 6PM.
God can and God will
hey Hun. How has my Hedo Jamacia roomy been? Follow Back
Oh, that's low down, Betty.
thanks so much for the #FF!! i'm so new to twitter and just looked up what it is :) have a great weekend!!
Good, hockey is over! Of course baseball and soccer start in a couple of days.
RT : Every time someone says, "Content is king!", a kitten rips the wings off an angel. With its teeth.
Watched part 1 of #theWeightofthenation it is scary as hell!
on a kickstand.
I love them!
there's an even cuter one of her and being sleeping twins but I wasn't allowed to post it :(
Nelly Furtado's "Maneater" is slaying me right now.
With at Stage773 with host Jeffery Leving , LLS candidate for man of the year for CTHey!
Did that actually take place?
I'm a grown-ass woman, I'll say what I want. ;-)
Legit almost just passed out... Due to choking and having to sneeze at the same time..
follow This guy! Taught me A LOT of stuff on bass... Even tho he plays keys
The article doesnt point to that..that was my own assertion.
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder right now.
of course, I'd never walk into a candle store, so there's that.
It needs to snow like forty inches so we don't have any school
Like that startup lunch thingy? I think it will be awesome!
Let's make it happen
hahaha. Well I guess that's good to know! LOL
Last night....#Glee, #TheVoice, and bits and pieces of
Thanks for the follow!
See if you'd tweet more then I would know it was really you, trying to save us all $3.
At the club and the party starts at 9pm till 1am so get your asses down here and party
Yes, b/c of his season full of injuries.
I understand; it's not good for those who are unemployed either.
Eating a slice of pizza with my wife on the Long island Railroad heading from Long Beach to NYC...not my usual afternoon but nice
I agree, I bet this will become an option soon, I've heard so many people with this problem!
Heading to for the opening night of the CTD film fest!
funny how your klout couldn't get you that<U+2026>
Boys, these days..
ACK! So upsetting- already worried abt coyotes- spotted in r neighborhood....
Loving ladygaga new album. I can't even pick a favorite since they're all so damn good. littlemonsters, keep being brave. :D
woohoo!! I'm so excited for you!!
Collaborate with your actors. Believe me they will appreciate it!!!
Ha! Sorry! Playing with TweetDeck
Basking in the glorious weather. There's nothing wrong with finding inner peace through outer beauty like that which surrounds me now.
I am too
Why do people beef but NEVER box? Its just pointless! Throw hands if its that serious, if not stfu.
r u gonna b coming back to Louisville to sign??? Missed ya the first time around!
Life is a game what position do you play? Real shit. There is always more then what meets the eye Some of us are just alive NOT LIVING
Wow, the symbolism of that moment just proves how amazing Marc Cherry is I wanted to cry in sadness & happiness
Feel I didn't perform like I could have. certainly wasn't assertive enough. Losing is not failure &I look forward to learning and improving.
Alucard is the worst recording ever. I hate myself more and more everytime I listen to it.
Twitter before all my friends from school decided to get one>>>>>>>>
I was like 13 there I think lol hahaha!
damn. That's like mad close too :| did they tell you you gotta take a summer program?
See you in the fall!
Thank you for sharing this news!
Google is wonderful for genealogy.
"They're not hunting ducks with this stuff," Mayor says of the assault weapons collected this weekend.
Anybody That Likes Our Music HMU..
Bout time Knicks .
did you get the mail
Walking through a Vegas casino always reminds me of the scene where the Grinch is complaining about all the noise in Whoville.
Sign some #petitions on
Oh my #brandival so much dancing and magic! Thanks
I would also note the absence of the dreaded (by me, at least) tabbed search box found on so many library sites.
Dresden. And u kind sir?
Prove it.
Just got a wicked hankerin' for a Grilled Stuft Burrito. Haven't been to Taco Bell since I found out what's in their "beef"
Solace tonight = copious beastie boys. Wherever you go.
no no! A fed coxswain is a happy coxswain! Don't skip meals missy!
hell yeah, im almost done with my credit recovery tho
RT : RT : Q3) How to be a better facilitator from within the crowd, not in front of it.
For our Sign Making customers...We are out of Black Carbon FIber VInyl, Chrome,Gold and very low on any Shade-Shift.
o ok cool and wre going to the movies?
see also the Bay Bridge, replaced because of imminent danger of collapse in the next earthquake.
Apparently "take time off the clock" means don't run an offense or play defense. What a disappointing season.
You're the best!
I have got two reasons for success and I'm standing on both of them. - Betty Grable
Hey can you shoot me your email address? Thanks!
I'm fucking your favorite sister
Consignment shops(now Spring cleaning)offer different price levels.Check out the high end one,where you may also find accessories.
I feel the same way :( I really wanted to sleep in today; it's just not going to happen
You should come to San Diego! Less traffic!
when are you coming back to Boston mister
what food do u have?
I think he's busy polishing his Cy Youngs. With a team ERA over 5, I'm sure you can find some guys to help out with BP.
we were summer freshmen back in the day!
Dudes so 2 yrs ago , it ain't even funny
Something a little sick/ironic about audience clapping when one child kills another
They will sit in Johnny Rockets and enjoy free soda.
I think it was 6200.....get the facts straight. Haha
Without a doubt! : Mbah a Moute can still be difference maker on defense. He can shut down which ever opponent is hot right?
Something new for 2012! FireHouseCustomZ!your complete car service center & classic car restoration facility! From orig. to radical custom!
Brats on the Weber will be happening this evening.
OH YEAH!
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
Get your skin ready for this Spring Time By Indulging in a#Capellidoronycfacialservice $50 when you mention this tweet!
Emory lectured, I return to Delta's bony embrace.
OH GOD ! i'm Dying watching this video, Zayn's SO freaking hot .
I'm staying in Kingsville for the summer, but I'll prob go home and visit in like a week or two?
On my way to trainin
superstoked on receiving the #goods =^-..-^=
My #dad on how #men think: "a hamburger in the hand is worth two chicks (ladies) in the bush."
That would be me, but we're not there just yet.
Today is a good day to not give a shit.
::its 60<U+00A8>, how warm do you need to be??lol
For all the things that didn't feel good about yoga tonight, I did a headstand for the first time
Am I the only one who thinks Vint Cerf, Tim Berners-Lee & other Internet/WWW pioneers should have more say over the tech patent process?
My favorite movie is on there goes my morning GOODFELLAS
Tip the damm ball!
TIFFs include a "magic number" in the beginning of the file so that they can be identified as TIFFs. The magic number? 42.
a-my (a-mee) n. 1. tenacious, and talented. 2. hot
thank you very much ! you rock :-)
Just for you, deary. You're welcome.
That sounds like a compliment to me.
Sad to hear about Donna Summer's passing
Happy Birthday shout out to my stunning sis Go shorty, it's your birthday!!! We gon' party like it's your birthday!
Just completed Week 1 - Day 3 (ran 1.75mi with run pace of 13:03 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
Jordan just walked out on cut day for the NGO!!! And Kelly's mom just signed Jordan's partner Wendy to be her client.
When you use cache.manifest must you cache the cache.manifest file? Or would that explode the universe?
Social VC $$ may be gone, but it's clear there's dough for future-tech like ours. Glad we ignored short-term 18 months ago!! D'uh! :)
Thanks to Imelda, and Anne, and everybody who helped! What a great show!!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you search your whole house for your wallet and it's in your back pocket.
Happy Birthday shout out goes to my cuzzo! , not much 2 say...ya t<U+00FA> sabe :) Love you cuz! <3
Thanks for your mention. Sending angel love your way today!
that's really the way it should have always been
about to watch fievel goes west !! one of my favorites! bored someone talk to me :p
My 100ste tweet is for all the Mahomiess <33 and Austin ofcouse <U+2665>
Downtown Charlie Brown
the blog is totally down, or otherwise unresponsive. Bo!
#ATTENTION! If you're tired of the SAME OLD #r&b, #GOOGLE & #PANDORA Lamorris Williams! Something new, song w/ #AlGreen & more!
hi just sent an email and it didn't go through; wanted to connect about possible story opp
Breath takings views & great food at "560" than Andrea Bocelli concert! Goosebumps
Got a haircut!
can I get a birthday reply/retreat from The Iatola of RockinRolla? Goldberg still fears you!
TONY HAWK MEETS ANGRY BIRDS - running boards
Thank you for listening Atria!
sleep would be nice...
so sad. Will he be the next Bachelor....?
Make it so. cc
Cutie comes up to me on my jog today, thought he was going to compliment me, turns out my dog shit on his lawn :( -Casey
Calia, back on the stand, recalls that #DiMasi was confused by the Globe's 2008 inquiry into his relationship to Cognos.
I woke up way to early lol. Work
#MorganFreeman states every great jazz must master the blues.
Race car driver is not in my top 4. There it is, the word "memories" when talking about auto racing. He won't win.
Thanks for sharing! Yes, we agree. Powerful.
The only real training for leadership is leadership
My life will never be the same
If it makes you feel better, you responded to my email right away and fabulously. No email fail. x
LOLOL. My aunt is making my cousin buy me another Justin poster cause he drew on mine. Haha
Georgia bugs are so disrespectful.
We just got some new *Incense*
Private institutions need to care about 1st Amendment activity as well. Many have "free expression" policies.
"You gotta hydrate to gyrate." -
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Don't negotiate if you are not prepared for the negotiation. w/ #womnegotiators,
Jesus. Not sure why I thought you meant Legends of the Fall instead.
Ah, my family! Ah, back to Colorado. Enjoyed #iste11, gonna get to work on this stuff for the new school year
Its do or die #canucks lets go! This first round of #playoff games have been a #OT bananza! Put the #golfclubs away
and sorry to all who got spam from us! we tried to delete all those messages before most of you clicked them. spam and hacking sucks! : (
Today I learned about PBCore, a standard for audio/visual metadata. I WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.
Who's hungry? In a hurry? No problem! Great food and lunch time specials nice and quick for your lunch hour - specials till 2pm!
Life is full of the fun kind of irony today.
i miss you to, if there wasn't 93 miles between us then i'd be there in a heartbeat. #loveyoutoo :)
I got a thing for Robin Thicke<3.
#TwSIG Set the style, tone and "brand" your twitter feed. Voice and tone should reflect your brand character. You are publishing content
michelle didnt remember me.. that bitch!
I saw an opportunity even in those comedies to begin my project of American films
word fo today iz have faith in wat u do..and it will come true!!`
Retweet if you think the new album "Leaving Eden" is fantastic!
Working on this new design for our apparel.. Taking an idea in my head and putting it down on paper with our graphics genious is always fun
After our tangent, our professor started lecturing like he was double-parked.
She got hit by a car when she Wasn't jaywalking, but I've been the biggest advocate of crosswalks forever!
i will tell him you said so.
So true! RT Hey. Stop doing that. It's kinda gross and everyone always notices then talks about it later when you leave.
solid, James!
INSANITY means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
I'm officially DONE and it's not even Wednesday.
My Favorite Pop is PEPSI .'
I do not like alternate side parking.
Dont take my kids anywhere and not tell me where your going!!
Wanna know how good a basketball player Blake Griffin is? Reggie Evans is playing in crunch time in a Game 7 while Griffin is on the bench.
Two turkey vultures board a plane. One says to the other, "Nice carrion."
Aw.. you're welcome!
nothing really matters when you're gone.
Happy Easter lawlorffs, hope You have a good one. And don't forget to keep sending us your pics for the collage :)
I HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFE BEEN SO DISAPOINTED WITH #DWTS JUDGES!!!!!!
thanks for
I took a shot standing in the wall two weekends ago. I don't need to tell you where...
You've been blessed with wealth & opportunity, it's what you do with it that determines what type of person you are.
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean im not thinking about you. Im just trying to distance myself because i know i cant have you
Well, yes I am watching less TV. And no, I didn't get sunburned because I was in the shade.
A Porno with a decent script... But that's the exciting part of a dirty movie, they don't have a script to distract you!
Have $41 in my piggy bank
was good
<U+201C>: God, I love being in the friend zone.<U+201D>
If you missed last nite's beer dinner, tonite's sliders are inspired by that menu, including Saison Dupont cheese sauce. Don't want to miss!
That awkward moment when you gently toss your phone on your bed & it decides to bounce off three walls, knock down two lamps, & kill a cat.
"And what do you do?" "I'm in the business of providing a lifetime of phenomenal memories." Me too, sir...me too.
On a ref desk all day except for 2 hours. There goes my productivity
That's really cool. I'm gonna have to try it out.
you're cool.
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
To everyone who enjoyed The Key And The Sword, check back with us tonight for something special at 7 o'clock! Tell your friends!
Why aren't you?
Thanks for the mention, much appreciated! Have a great weekend!
Never heard this one until today...that you can date someone 1/2 your age plus 7 years and it's still veiwed approriately.
That's just not true. Running is an element but you need to be able to pass in this league. (Hint: Brady & Rogers).
Every morning you're credited with 86,400 seconds. Every night it rules off as "lost" whatever you have failed to use toward good purposes.
memos, memos and more memos, wish l loved to take them back as much as I love to take them out!
Seventh Generation Marks 1st Anniversary of Pioneering USDA Biobased Certification
Hope you had a great time!
Official lunch bell ringin' pub patio open. yum yum yum
You're more likely to act yourself into feeling than feel yourself into action. So act! Whatever it is you know you should do, do it.
a true icon of the music industry, good that your on this show sir..
wrong, just because you critcize your own doesn't make you great
lmao I just wanted to be an ass. :-)
$100 is alot of money. I don't care how rich you are
lets run of an get married i promice u wot find an betrrt guy thanme
Hedo Days - Aug.6/7 Live Band, Kasidie, LifeonTheSwingset,Photo Booth, Toy Lady, Body Painting, 8,000 sq. ft. Play Area, Pig Roast! Join Us!
Last night, my wife said, "You're too drunk to read." And I was like, "No, I'm not." And she said, "You're not going to remember it."
Finally getting caught up on The Pitch.
Feels like a productive day ahead when u were up before
you only live once ? =)
OK you got my follow :-)
Many will not see now who I am what I stand for and what I will bring, but soon that will change
Nasdaq up an incredible +19% this quarter that ends in two days. Insane!! Buying at these lofty levels would not be wise.
Yes is my shittttttttt. I love my gay!
Never new love with hurt this bad worse pain I ever had
As a matter of fact, yes. We want to talk with anyone who is interested in hosting MidwestUX in their city in coming years.
Strawberry festival in an hour or so :) <U+0001F353><U+0001F353><U+0001F353>
Twitter contest still in progress. We looking for winners!!!
Rolling out of bed!
2/3 w the Hush Sound - come on out!
I had so much fun last night! Congratulations to everyone on #Awake for a fantastic season!
Ditto...after this weekend, I'm so tired...
At home so if you wanna text me its 239 284 8475 but at least tell me who you are so i can know :)
great pic of you. You are so pretty!
ps. This weekend is needed for the gym?? Me you? Date?? I think yes!
Good deeds was a great movie!!!
How come Girls thats not your be the first to get mad who told you to get attached knowing it wouldnt last
is at today for FREE coworking! Tweet us or come by the cafe to book office hrs between 2-4pm w/ us -also free
come over!
Fox leaves the "House" after 8 years. Those re-runs will give us home-sweet-home for decades to come, healthy or not.
I have the perfect playlist. Just one track, called "The Soothing Sounds of Silence." Sounds like me snoring. ;-)
Why does the right think an employer's religion trumps an employee's? Do they think so for Jewish or Muslim or Hindu or atheist employers?
omg stfu already
Shin Splints<<<<<<<<<<< worst feeling ever <U+E406>
Thanks! I enjoyed the panel discussion.
on the board with a walk. Let's see sabathia shut the tigers down. Go yanks!
Baby J & Live at the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012! Los Despoz performing tonight for just $6 & children 12 & under are Free!
you need one more "feel"
YES WE DO! We will plan & put ideas together until we find the succeeding one! Haha!
yay you're on twitter! :)
Top. Down.
Y I shouldn't
What an incredible show at the Smiling Moose tonight! Thank you again to Steve Hawk and Autumn Burning for each putting on a hell of a show!
CHEESE BURGERS N FRENCH FRIES
exactly <U+201C>: We could save a lot of time if Natalie just told these dudes en masse: You is kind. you is smart. You is important.<U+201D>
i appreciate you informing me!!
You would through a Florida sticker on there. Although I may not be a fan, I support school spirit! ;)
I have seen the Divine.
I had enough film stock and lab money to shoot trailer for DAKOTA'S DOVE my feature. Thanks for asking.
still have jason thomas madison louis open for gf in my story just tweet me
Headed to #OBSESSIONS tonight have not had any #BlueMotherfucker all weekend, time to re-up
I love hotels that offer small recycling bins IN the rooms! Also rooms where lights/AC operate only when key card is in a slot
i'm fine :) how old are you?
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND!
how the fuck... I've gotten 1.2mil can't even get that now
Ugh, My Emotions Are All Jacked Up !
Make sure to stop by in September
"Nggas that's losing, just hate."
NOW WITH AIR CONDITIONING
them for 2-3 weeks post operative. They heal ALOT faster when wearing the shoes. xo
If the Darkness are a "joke," then 90 percent of "serious" hard rock bands have a lot of catching up to do.
Who is at the #box party in #NYC? A few key players here.
I need this dreamchaser2.. datpiff on sum bull!
I heard they suck....
Painkiller type of morning - allergy season had me coughing, and a 4-year-old had his feet in my back all night long - allergies, too.
Well the game's still going on so there's no summary as of yet.
Choices that we make or fail to make in the coming years about sustainable energy will determine what world future generations will inherit.
Books4teenboys....KICK by w.d.myers....realistic fic...soccer+crime....quick/easy read, but sure to appeal to lots of mode school rders
We must learn to let go of old emotional baggage that prevents us from being able to receive and move forward in life.
#AngelinaJolie's arms look like they've shrunk to 2D.
No! It's can't be over for another year. I am so sad.
we will be up NY Saturday! Will you be around??
Just got Black Tambourine - "Complete Recordings". I Like it.
The last day of April will certainly be interesting.
I'm thinking there is potential for a partnership here...
I know right?!?! It's awesome...spendin' all day outside :D
To all that honor our Freedom and Independence ,we have not forgotten our brave and patriotic Sons & Daughters, God Bless America 7/4/2009
Get down with your bad self
I use the power of my imagination to create the world I choose to live in.
same here! I'm surprised we hadn't crossed paths IRL before!
Met with Autani to see about implementing both energy monitoring and control to cut down on energy costs. Pretty interesting.
Hey!Troy How R u feeling??
Let's go cardinals
Little Jimmy from Degrassi has come a long way.
not sleeping right now!
she look like an overdone baby with her pink cheeks and yellow bald scalp
My fighter is 5lbs closer to his weight goal. Gotta love helping people reach their potential!
Continue to flatter by a vapid narcissist; help me get up to a 1000 followers by the end of the year!
:) I will get a package together by Friday
Can't believe people are tweeting at 1:30 in the morning. I'm only tweeting because it's almost
I'm thankful for sentences ending with a preposition with.
you're not verified. now get that off your bio.
How about just 4 hours?
We wish you a very happy holiday and a safe new years. We look forward to a great 2012!
#Bulls lost WTF!
If you can see the lesson, you don't need the lesson.
There will b time 4 all of that
Justin Timberlake kills it everytime he hosts "Bring it on into omeletvilleeeeaaa"
When an emerging tech becomes an emerging cultural experience - then a brand needs to participate.
Someone on this bus smells like onions!!! :(
haha. So awesome.
All good material for Saturday Night Live - either way, LOL! Just too funny! :)
Check out my new video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
thanks for the shoutouts!!
Reflecting on 2011, pondering my artistic goals for 2012, which leads to pacing the floor like a clock pendulum. Do all artists do this?
how all yuh find her
I guess you've haven't listened to him? Come back when you have.
You sure know how to make someone feel special. I'll go celebrate alone.
Come on it's not my fault you went out with her god, I told you what was gonna happen.
Who are the people behind the curtain now?
how come you didn't ):
For all of Tj Crouchy Bookah That had something to say about my Jacuzzi pic I finna post y'all ugly ass pictures
O my gosh me to! I totally forgot you live in Jacksonville right???!
Hopefully i get a b-day greeting from this girl
Hey! Love you! Lets be friends :)
omg I have such good news to tell you. You remember that advice you gave me? Well it worked. Reply cause I gotta tell u bout it
RETWEET for Some Good Morning Mentions!!!
It would be a great place to learn! Except those seats don't look too comfortable : )
Aw man!! Don't tell me that, I might REALLY do it. AND call you for a video too...a 3D one <U+0001F609>
I REALY WANT U TO FOLLOW ME I'M TRYING TO GET U TO NOTICE ME :(
We Love You Chris Brown.!(: <3
lol wat u talk n bout bra
what picture did u tweet me ?
Don't give this generation much credit. Most of my students never heard of Zeppelin and think the Rolling Stones are a magazine.
oh okay.
Come on Mavs! Beat that Heat!
Is the derby the only event Bob Costas is at eye level with the participants?
Happy birthday! RT : : Hey kan i get a shout its my bday
Need a place for a party? Wanna learn some hott, sexy new dance moves? Check out Rhythma Studios we teach variety of dance styles&more!
Park Chanyeol is my ultimate bias so. Yeah. He's basically perfect. And his CreepYeol face is really attractive. Fuck. <3<3
Come check the Sinners and Saints movie premier June 30th 7:30PM at The Arclight in Hollywood!
Wish I had something to this weekend.
do you guys have an opening band tonight?
I'm interviewing one of the fellas from #Augustana in an hour. Have any insider info to share?
A wise student will master the formulas & apply the principles to produce the desired effect in reality according to vision
That grunting noise on temple run when your character jumps...
While I'm no fan of Roethlisberger, he sure is a sniper.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
I see u got smart :)
text I got this AM: "Woke up in the backseat of a car somewhere in Walkers Point using Ms Greta's tittie as a pilla! Christ!" #openingday+1
Can't believe this
lol. everyone thinks the state north of them is not southern. I know what side we fought on damnit.
Can either of you repost rockdmb's photo? I can't see it. :(
The #pennrelays are getting me excited for the Summer Olympics
We'll always have Good Friday & Rev. Steinbach's door slam. It's not Paris, but hey, it's also not a cliche. ;)
How can we help your converting business grow? Training on your current equipment? Repairing existing equipment? Affordable new equipment?
#iamsotiredof Lindsay Lohan, the Cheetah Girls and #9millionbeliebers. There has to be more interesting things in the news.
So I'm going to the Greek Festival tonight. My life is better than yours.
I'm looking forward to it!!!
My pleasure - keep up the good work!
scammers? we are monitored & plays are released when handicapped, you cant blame us when lines move ... it goes both ways
Reading Kindle on bus = nausea.
Time to crash & burn, F1 race 7:30 am
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
ce in Gods arms. I miss you Jameel:(
-CALLING EARTH- Let's trade Michael Jackson for Charlie Sheen...I could use the drinking partner.
Preferably sea-faring. Definitely not butt!
Getting closer to finishing the 2012-13 basketball schedule. We have 2 bring it every night because it's tough. Open @ home Nov 20 vs Bowman
Heading down to for NY lau7nch of Akashic's Long Island Noir, reading w/ , & Is noir the new normal?
Sent a bunch of sandwiches with a delivery man for 's media blitz of 's #americasbestsandwich. Lucky media.
Hello world
since we're on the subject.. Will you ever make a regular Cherokee again? I want a new Lucy. Other models aren't ideal for me.
- welcome to twitter GILLiAN.
no worries. you were working it. coffee tues a.m.?
Is that really necessary? RT : #YouGettinPunchedIf you think facebook is better than twitter.
Transformer Crop Duster.
Listening to talk about proposed Transactional Web Archiving. Proactive web archiving and capture of user transactions.
FOLLOW GREAT Twitters
Damn MCA from the Beastie Boys is dead
Barley watching the Manchester City game
So many people love me, somebodys gotta the me- Boosie
Where is the love?
How many #toddlersandtiaras turn into #16andpregnant or cum dumpsters
COME TO NY ALREADY! DAMN!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever (; x
Join Kevin H. at Pub in Bay View from 8pm. $2.50 domestic cans all night!
Happy new years
Just saw somebody taking a picture using her iPad. Yes it's a stupid looking as it sounds...
I just got a press release from the Library of Congress about a music event (they are honoring Burt Bacharach). That's pretty cool.
El Toro in Lex is the real deal Mex Rest unless y'all know something I don't elsewhere-BH
then do it
The TAASK played Sweetwater 420 and Decatur Earth Day Festival this weekend. Thanks to all our fans that came out to show us some love!
Sweet dreams, tweethearts<3 I know I will!;)
my whole body is burnt..
RT : I don<U+2019>t have a very clear idea of who the characters are until they start talking. JOAN DIDION
It's the Post-Steadicam for all us Shaky Photogs. :D
Thx for the RT! I think she said it again -- "robotics" ... super cool.
Lookin' good! RT : RT : Up the block from LeBow, construction continues on the new URBN Center. Here it is from behind
I'm loving tweets. This mane is coming correct on relationships. I give u 2 thumbs up hun! Job well done!
Great idea! and cabs smell so nice, too.
Had an awesome time Bravi dinner. Want to thank The Keilly's (JMK) for great bday dinner and St Patty's.
GRAD SCHOOL in the fall!!
Got new highlights
wow... Stealing that one.
Andrew, your site is such an awesome reference point for blogs
YEP! & I'll b very clear again, I'm NOT refer'g 2 all Christians, only them that use it 2 hurt others, lest II b falsely accused:/
just dedicated "The Bloodiest Gum" to all the #TinyGiants in the room!
Who on twitter lives near buffalo?
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
Brother called to tell me about MCA & we swapped Beastie tales. Like he said, it feels all wrong Adam Yauch is gone. RIP & thanks.
Austin goes for girls that are fun, makes him laugh, and has pretty eyes. (:
be there I'n a minute
And when you think you like it, I promise you gon' love it
I said no such thing!
OH GOD YOU WOULDN'T DARE, and I already ate them all...
Dorian Finney-Smith leaving Virginia Tech. Should have kept Seth Greenberg.
I am MAN enough to admit when I am wrong! Can you?
Let's just say I win ... Lol
Thanks for tweeting the article about me winning, guys! I appreciate the mention :)
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
This woman never ceases to amaze me. Paula Deen is making Peanut butter cup brownie s'mores. Yummy
you should follow me ;) we also should hang out one day!
are you serious? Barkley hosts #SNL about as often as John Goodman
(2 of 2). Is there a dif? Actor changes, but both farcically imply BO could have done something and just didn't.
so happy for you!
get ur lazy ass up
A4: Gr8 idea w -best is free #MLB #ExtraInnings preview, watching now...haven't checked but should b tons promo there
Haha omg I love the mixtape! You were right its definitely 18+ lol
Super jealous about #AmazingRace folks headed to Buenos Aires. I'm sure I'm a portena at heart.
If the NCAA Tournament started today, who would you pick to win your bracket?
i want to write "there are a multiplicity of" but word is saying it needs to be "there is a multiplicity of" & now i am confused & annoyed.
Need Fantasy Baseball help? Tweet right NOW until 5p ET. Ray Flowers () is there to help YOU.
I love NY!
Awesome! I will try today!
Making big dreams come true requires 4 things: organization, communication, dedication and follow through.
"sometimes the best way to live your life is to choose the experience that will have the most anecdotal value" yes!
I as an American citizen would like to say that I'm very sorry. Now how about, you're sorry for beating a blind man & his family?
Respect can get you far . . .
Interracial love is all good but get some general act-right in public, bruh.
Brilliantly done!
hugh hefner has the slip and slide that goes down the hill on his back yard at the mansion
Chris Edmonds live from Walt #Disney World tomorrow morning.
<U+201C> If you rarely give a little more, should you really expect to get a little more? <U+201D> Sam Parker (1965 <U+2013> ) Co-founder of GiveMore
has been nominated via Twitter to be our new Dance Group of the Week! Congrats!
And the #Houston #Astros win it!
Thank you kindly!
I agree. I should have gone this year. I have been playing "I wish I was in New Olreans" by Tom Waits most of the day.
Vinny do a Donna Summer dance tribute!!
Hey eveyone, Biz Kid$ Real in rochester is asking all of you guys to come support us @ the Corn Hill festival this weekend July 9&10, 2011.
was amazing on #americanidol!
thanks for the follow!!! Very appreciated!!!!
mine is 2 we get out June 10th
Yes. My parents and her grandparents were good friends.
"Just as a small fire is extinguished by the storm whereas a large fire is enhanced by it - likewise a weak faith is weakened by predicamen
Looking forward to caring on tradition...3rd annual Plinko de Mayo this weekend
just watched the chelsea vs. barca game...what a great game! I don't, in general, root for them in the #Bundesliga but Haupt Bayern
In the tri-city area (VA Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake), there are only 389 foreclosures - This represents less than 7% of total properties...
The Rage clinched a playoff berth with their win Friday night. Now they are looking for the #3 seed and have 2 games to clinch it.
Seeing a Fraggle Rock calendar referred to as "vintage" makes me feel far older than I need to on a Monday.
You dumb boy. Enjoy your 14 hours of sleep idiot. RT : you're the worst love me and
Thanks for the S/O!!
Grammys so far so good!! Awards shows are so motivating to an unsigned!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
When I fill out job applications, I always write "911" for my emergency contact... Because, what's my mom or sister gonna do?
2011 was the best year EVER! I'm going to have to work hard to TOP it?
aww :) i love you more! You're like my sis for me and more! I'm gonna always be here for you
EMPIRE STATE OF MIND
It's true if you see it on t.v. The American public must see advertisements in order to know what to do on election day. =money
just put the feather back outside and nobody gets hurt.
Hor d'oeuvres, live music, and an open bar means happy people at our booth at
LOL! I'm coming back soon as I can afford it!
I just met a Jew. Weird.
Ppl always tryna tell me wut I need to do I guess cuz I'm not living my life to their expectations
Librarians should get a pad and a plug and get away from the reference desk.
will do. Thanks!
As long as your chest is pounding, you can rest assured that you're still alive!
Why is it that the end of the day is when all the work comes.
Tired and sore. Goodnight
Suddenly, my early to bed Wednesday, late night Thursday #relayforlife routine seems like a terrible idea in light of a 2-fer this weekend.
Mirror Mirror, Snow White & The Huntsman & Once Upon a Time...how many versions of Snow White do we need right now?
<U+201C>: God can we please get rid of Deandre already?! #idol<U+201D> NO not yet
Oh baby , why'd you have to be with your mom at the mall ?
+1": Maybe I'm misjudging this thing?!!! (pause for thought..) ...Nnnaaaaaahhhhhh! Nope. Non. Still not panicking!! ;)~ #DCIrene"
Mike Napoli should be starting consistently 50/50 with Yorvit. That man can swing the bat.
#idRatherHave one true friend than 100 fake ones
MY FUTURE IS 10 TIMES GREATER THAN MY PAST
I say that because I would freeze, drop, and sob when confronted with such a demand!
Are you in Buffalo? Stop by our booth to learn about membership and check out our silent auction!
Hope you enjoy the Yourcenar article. She's one of my favorite authors. In particular, her novel "The Abyss".
odd that the survey i received did not come with a sae, i have to find an envelope, write the address and go get a stamp to return it.
thanks for checking it out at least! if you know anyone who might dig it feel free to share it tho :D have a great day!
wants a Mcflurry...
I like Butler's move to the A-10. It will make them more visible in the east and expand their recruiting ground.
Driving home from Downtown LA. overcast but a very chill feelin day
Good luck!
Serious question, Is #14 on uwm a girl or tranny?
Haha, oh I bet it is. I'll let you enjoy the show tonight. :) Tweet ya again later. :)
me too!
Ow! Cat just scratched me..i have the craziest cat ever! It has the weirdest mood swings its so friendly & then so mean out of no whr!
and I (well, mainly Solon) have some thoughts about what makes that online creepy feeling so...creepy...
hs basketball round-table?
I love how thats my first tweet after like 40 days haha
Sliders, Nachos, English Cheese Dip, Potato Skins, $6.95 each in ! (SW corner of Scottsdale & McDowell Roads)
Guess what guys?! Recent homes sold for 96% of the listing price, 57% reduced the asking price at least once, this from NAR's recent survey!
. glad the book helped. Makes our day to hear that from you guys :-)
today lets toast to the future cause right now shit happen its highschool we almost done so things gonna happen we almost grown
You're Welcome. You should come back to Houston now! OR make that Dallas show the best ever! I will be there for my birthday!
wait are the Internet tubes clogged today or did you really just send this almost 10pm?
: Thanks again for your time today ! It was a really great discussion; leaned a ton!
Wait wtf, my hair is like drying straight... #soconfused haha I have wavy hair?
hell yeah!
Strangers Save Trapped Fire Victim | NBC San Diego via San Diego
thanks for the follow! digging your designs! have you checked out our specialty waterbased & discharge inks?
Put in some work on the revised contemporary this a.m. New direction will allow more development of main male character. This is good.
My face hurts.
Almost 2am and I'm still up... Goodnight
And now?
I hate when people judge what right do you have?
whether you are right or wrong, NeVaaDans get to choose. It's a bit of a worldwide custom, from what I gather.
Does Burress remember his article from pre season bashing Giants and Coughlin ?
Hey, the outdoor farmers market is back today. Hello, summer.
I'm gonna to cheer when my likes reach 50 finally!!! Been a long trek getting there.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!
I have such a massive boner right now.
at the mall (:
Hahah well starting Tuesday, you'll be seeing a lot of me at your casa. Don't get too excited!
I'm on an unsubscribing rampage. The ticketmaster email sent me over the edge.
THE BANJO is silent tonight: RIP Earl Scruggs. Thank you for sharing your many gifts.
Isn't it amazing how the right music will relax your muscles and ease your tension
Glad to hear it!
Taxonomy Division accomplishing great things after only nine months!
I feel like I'd be sketched out being next to Lady Gaga. She's so creepy
haha oh yea;)
the walters has started publishing exhibition histories for 5,000 art objects. people look, interested, sometimes buy...
Disrespect.. Tho a matter of perception... Is so very ugly. And it hurts
Mrs. White is calling Tyler G's mom in class hahaha
I got a couple artists I wanna work wit that havent been out in a min for whatever reason... not gone say names but thats my aim
Someone needs to create a basketball gym w/ a humidifier. Bball courts suck ur lips & hands dry. I bet 9 of 10 coaches carry chapstick.
Laura Saggers live at Hotel Angeleno night was a complete success!! SO happy! bring on the next one
Lms For A Too Keep It Real & RATE . . . #BallinHardButNeverPlayedASport . .
Did the ref say "Allstate Super Bowl"?
Obviously I did ;)
Welcome to uh twitter look out for the Whale ;)
nice! Say hi to all the girls!!
just bought a nice chess set
OMG!! CANT WAIT TO SEE U HERE IN LAREDO TX!!! SO EXCITED!! XD
Some Peoples Children!! SMH
forgot to charge my iphone ipad will have to do now
Checking out the new version of Fancybox. One more thing to update with the PikaChoose redesign. Thanks for the great app
congrats Tim
This the first day of this week I didn't wake up feeling like shit :)
seeking bass, lead, keys and female backups.
creepo. careful not to be alone in the parking lot.
Rediscover your ability to#feel. It will help your chattering #mind be quiet. #Depression isn't a feeling it is a defense against feelings
New favorite movie, Greenberg.
Even old people bump Adele with the windows down
haha some bitch hoarded all the ptv song titles as tumble usernames l o l
I have such a craving for seafood
it must suck to be stupid too
DesandNate, you are the key to my heart.<3
RT : Starting tomorrow, by popular demand, we'll be open until 9pm on Weds and Thursds. Thank you #bikeDC for the suggestions!
Dont forget, we're taking over finn mccool's tomorrow night from 9-12. See you there!
my spirituality is beginning 2 take over me,i'll transform into a precise image of GOD,let your heart lead u n may u be blessed n everything
Happy Birthday, Brett!
Alas no peeps diorama for me this year. Maybe next year I'll be 'over' my Peeps/Pokemon loss.
Another day, another dollar
needs to get on twitter and follow me so he can be
Yes it is sculpting time xx
Photo shoot with #Jackie Howard for Austin Life Style Magazine!
My number boy bye
I like that you love her so much! She's a badass! And "Who You Are" has the greatest message! Inspires me! :)
looking for 345 followers :D
The hit! Twitta constantly tells me i have 50 new tweets! Save us o' Obiwan, your our only hope!
La ha today was on point
yes prophetess, I receive that Word. We shall run for Freedom :)
unfortunately i dont. boo hoo! i usely do meat in oven. i know not the same.
whats his facebook url?
Is that a sly dig at me lol
You think you giving me shit you can hurt me. You need to think again. I'm in some grown shit here. Maybe you need to do the same.
I might just drive up for $3 pints...if I cam find a designated driver to come with.
Awww! That's no fun! Haha...... Good effort on your part! ; )
Goodnight, I love you, & I'll see you in the morning.
CONGRATULATIONS! A well-deserved recognition for some of the finest work of the season!
already recorded some need to get some more beats
I got it in at the gym during my breaks at work.
Does Working On A Computer All Day Ruin Your Vision?
30 Rock should be live every week
#FF anyone brave enough to live in Houston is ok in my book.
why don't you have cable?
god i hope so
tweet me. tweet me,
Fanny pak.you leave.
You and the cast are awesome and are gonna go on to do amazing things! #TheSecretCircle was just the beginning for you all.
you will always have good peeps around u when u r a good person so good for u only here good thing about u
men its year not going that good
GOOD MORNING ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY!
This might sound like a stupid question but how EXACTLY does this OLLG ticket thing work? What if 2 people from the same city get it..
hop off me. You should change your name so it doesn't cut off the Wolfinger
Bye April
Just looked up to a young girl staring at me. I smile, she smiles. Then she starts reading her book, The Holy Bible. Oh Girl, been there
New cash clown banger racks n bands ft cap1
or sleep is for the people getting up at 6 tomorrow<U+2026>or today
kobe raped a lady Ryan!
Im in the mood for tacos
playing what??
yum! Sounds delicious!
What the heck happened to our defense?
I'm not mad that you like her instead of me or sad for that matter, I am only mad/sad because I thought that you cared and I wasted my time!
Okay!!So Whats up(:
just use that big ass graduation check u got haha
Collin probably should have 5 goals..but a controversial call vs. LA negated an athletic header goal
I stuck my junk in those hand warmer slots QBs have
i hate it when u go 2 the bathroom and the toilet seat is like freezing cold for no reason
you can work and graduate. I did! Really not that hard
I am addicted to pistachios.Yummie! I can't seem to get enough. I'm glad it's not drugs.
very nice! gogogo...1st is yours :D
worst jobs situation in all 50 states is right in WI under Walker's watch. Anything else missing?
still looking for a big girl job..
Check out my site @ www.wix.com/camaydavis/MayDay-Inc
Dude! Last weeks episode was insane! I have to watch the last one now!
Just, you know tweetin about the birthday
Everything is perfect.
I did now fallow me yo
I don't how I'm supposed to feel seeing everyone talk about how lucky they are to have their moms when I don't have mine.
: because I said I was in pain
I can't wait when is it coming out? And please follow me!:)
omg me 2 finishing up trick or treat candy help!
i hate being woken up cause a dog fight broke out in my bed<U+E421><U+E416>
Sometimes I wonder y... Then all I have is my music... thank god 4 rock music!?
Thanks to our latest backers: Evan Kerrigan, Whitney Hess, Whitney Hess, Ethan Resnick, Kendra Shimmell, and johanna kollmann!
The upside is, maybe, I don't have to pay for it.
Kings Island today :)
Evidently. RT i think i finally figured out hashtags!
Many thanks for the folo!
I do believe this novella's close to completion, y'all. Might be able to blow through final edits by the end of the weekend.
|..|~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
That's right, midnight: I'm in bed and you're not here yet!
Ah I know tomorrow and everyday it's gonna kill me </3.
I don't trip when I walk up the stairs !!! I just freestyle walk ( ;
Thanks everyone for the support for the cardio Thai box class. Looks like I will have a great turnout. Can't wait!
just came back from playing at a wedding. I saw the happiest couple in the world :) God bless!
Delegates, Senators represent people - not counties. Questions on multi-county senatorial district restrictions very legit.
We're not doing floor seats, lol. Thanks. Are you no longer coming to NYC?
Thanks! It's a beautiful day in L.A. I hope you're enjoying your Saturday too. :-)
BTW, curious, your team's out of it, so who you root, root, rootin' for in the post season?
hahahaha...I was timing you, B! Lol
Everybody watch #WTAE tonight for the news on channel 4... there's a story that involves me
Taking a break from tweeting until someone lights a lamp. Please, God, let it be Boston.
i dont think i will ever be everything that someone wants.
we will have fun this weekend ;-)
If eats shit against Duke, the Occupy protesters should take up residence in his dorm room<U+2014>or at least his locker.
It's going to be a busy Friday! Lots to do before the weekend.
A kiss with a fist is better than none.
Yea, that slowed me down as well...that, or words you can't really draw
interesting choice, i like his game
If you think knowledge is expensive, try ignorance for a while.
is talking about behind the scenes at
no, not yet! i should have been clearer; we anticipate uncorking the MITH wine soon, once we have tasty cheese to go with...
The Kingston Trio & New Christy Minstrels will be sharing the stage at the Philharmonic Center for the Arts in Naples, FL. Dec 11th @ 8pm.
of course most interesting will be to see what comes of it.. my gut reaction is they should be cautious w/ response, if any
I have a million musings on Coach, that may require its own blog. Designing Woman sucked after Delta Burke & Jean Smart leftz
I don't always watch college football, but when I do, it's not usually this entertaining.
SNOOKI IS PREGNANT?? the world is ending.
garage right now?
:D I got the fold up Wayfarers but I saw these matte Tortious shells and made MD my excuse lol
Hi ya fellow "geek"
I got my #Anticipation2our tickets who got theirs ill be in oakland
my nerves are so high my hand is shaking when I try to draw.
| Call me directly at 218-8256 in between pizza's! :-)
if it were twenty years ago, i'd be in serious trouble.
team Razor! Cause who doesn't like a little danger? ;)
"Business as usual doesn't work anymore." Totally true.
You wanna know why iJevers hating on Austin? Cuz your giving him attention. Maybe if you'd ignore him he'd shut up... HATERS GONNA HATE.<3
OMG yes I can set up a Bristol tour for you we can both go on if you want! And I'll work from there for the day. Let's do it!
New music coming soon !!!!!!!! In the mean time check out my joints !!!!!!!!
bahahaa i was in your lunch today but you werent there
Collin Ray is a freaking beast!!!
Really... Is there any good new music out there?
He's only been in the bottom 3 once I think, right? Should be interesting. Hasn't been a female winner since season 6.
I'm hesitant about DC movies, I'm hoping they can make better ones like the last few batmans & Flash would be interesting
Yes. The bubble covers most of campus, indoors and out.
I love sushi! Sucks ur not here
Looking at the box score in from Wilt's 100 point game. Attendance: 4,124!
Congrats to for getting onto the blog squad. Way to go zydrewdus ilcasskus.
<U+201C>: Let's all bask in the irony of Bristol Palin talking about the importance of raising a child in a traditional marriage.<U+201D>
Calypso Cafe in Leucadia is on fire.
Virgin America is by far the best airlines I've had the pleasure of experiencing.
I miss you!! IM DOING SCRIPTS BY MYSELF LOL....
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydrate.
lol well I'm getting tired soo ill tweet ya later :) lol bye!
I can't wait to hear what y'all r working on! love u guys
Has gone Cat-5?
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
o my belly is stuffed.....I need to burp! Thank goodness for a coke!
America's Most Authentic Vintage Swing Band - Glenn Crytzer and His Syncopators. Tonight at Twins!!
Valid RT #Aries see life as a contest, a contest they are determined to win.
ONE DIRECTION
Fight Week/Vlog Week!!
What American literature decidedly needs at the moment is color. music. gusto. the free expression of gay or desperate moods. -Albert Barnes
so awesome!! Are you going to attend SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
I guess this is what happens when you blow up the team after you win a cup. Yet it wouldnt be the first time my team came back from down 0-3
VAcoeds.com is coming to SW Virginia this August. Check out our site for updates, details, and job opporunities.
Just got back from watching "The Phantom Menace" -- yet again! It's supposed to be in 3D. But, aside from the titles, it looked 2D to me!
Happy birthday Jay z i love ur music and I'm a big fann and happy happy happy happy birthday too you
I'll take it:)
They're Filming the movie "NOW" starring Justin Timberlake. On set watching them shoot this scene.This is a action movie be sure to see it.
SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH!!! I can't wait!!! Why must I wait 4 and a half hours!
picture of champions! Go
Going to hunger games myself tonight. So much hype around this movie its time to check it out!
#IMBLASTED haha everyone get it trendning girls and guys come on get it trending
Thanks for the RT!
do tell
.'s virtual Republican convention really ought to look more like the Imperial Senate
- April Fools! *tweets photo of him wearing a bald cap* ;)
#4famouswords that's what she said
birthday pizza at ellas
Going to usher on Friday for a Mexican beauty pageant. Conflicts of beauty apparently exist in every culture.
That awkward smell on the elevator that makes you wanna take the stairs.. :/
csu eastbay if everything pan out rite
"there is nothing to fear, but fear its self" You apparently never met my teacher
Congrats on the #webby for best magazine!
What are you doing, thinking?Talk to us!
true even so the new stock exhaust sounds fantastic especially with the flaps open
Then we will make it so.
hahaha, thank you. Tragedy averted! :)
Your crazy by the way, lol
great reminder! sometimes we're waiting for others to cheerlead us to victory... nope!
Busy Busy Week But I just won an ipod touch from !!!!! Cant wait I have been wanting one since they came out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah for real! She is taking over the internetZ
So far at #occupytimessquare, cops and protesters are behaving, each on their respective side of the barricades.
H.O.T.M. Housewives of team mindless (; lmaoo
": ..... And not a single fuck was given today."
for ur kiss monday ;D
same thing with adele's boyfriend!
Contrary to popular opinion, most purchasing is not based on the lowest price. Service is a key component in many buying decisions and can t
yes! i produce and direct commercials for broadcast and the web. contact me
So many auction items, so little time! Only 1 hour left to peruse the silent auction tables & make your bids - don't miss out!
Alumni, students, recent graduates, lend us your Twitter time. Sports biz at #sbchat w/ and friends. Tonight, 9:30 pm ET.
What Are You Thinking About?
I think they could have drafted you at 23 and he would have loved it.
Knicks just delaying the inevitable.
Thanks for the shout out !
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. Thomas Edison
What happened to turntable.fm? Oh yeah, the attention span of the internet
true. But the cost of living is kind...
RT : #HealthTip Massaging your feet with oil (especially during the cold season) is the best way to relieve stress throughout...
always a pleasure. See you soon
Hoping my fiance and her team win the Daytime Emmy for her brilliant work as Co-Executive Producer of "How Do I Look"...here we go!!! Seco<U+2026>
WHY YOU NOT ANSWERING MY TXT OR CALL
I'm embarrassed by the way the Rockets have played in their last 7 gms. They don't resemble a playoff team at all.
I am in for raffle. paypal? Tomorrow?
Only hood bitches drink nemos
I love you ky -sammy
"caught in a mosh!"
Thank you!
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
YaYtks keep writing dreams
So im home from the hospital now, all in all it was a good night, however i am now back home nose deep in studying.
I'm so glad for #Cougartown but 1 small request and could you PLEASE use Barb more than one ep next season?
A good way to scare Jeana would be to watch this show called infested!
How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brow...
So Sick about dropping my iPhone in a sink full of water yesterday....I feel like my life is on pause without that phone smh
too sweet! Thanks.
thanks for the RT. you rock!
Keep running. Long run tomorrow. Signed another new client this week. Running, working, being there!
While hanging out with Chad today, I played him songs on guitar. What makes him great is that he puts up with me.
All, fell off the face of the earth for nearly 5 months to get a health diagnosis that explains so much-hope you will follow me again!
We are working to develop a bio fuel powered advanced steam engine to be manufactured and built in Africa.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS
your adorable (:
Packing up my room and We Found Love comes on
Bahahaha zombie jesus, I would watch out for lightning all day.
<U+201C>: I'm a princess and you're not so go away.<U+201D> (:
great ...nice to see good pics w/ no doctoring/digital image edits. Good job. <U+201C>: none whatsoever.<U+201D>
Losing Minnesota Vikings Stadium Battle Would Be Costly For NFL
Yes it's early in the season, but I take great delight with each loss. Glad they're anchoring the AL West cellar.
Funny story, outside a house show last year some fan was like "PERCY!" and he turned around and was all OH YEAH/rain fingers.
how are you doing...cheer up!
Shit She Said Team SUCK That Lmao Damn Straight Out w. It to !
Follow Me An I Will Follow Back!!!
your gnarly advice is needed too much but you always seem to help out so I'm hoping you can today!
Wow! We have 100 followers! It's the little things. Thanks to you all! Here's to 100 more! And remember: It's all about the music!
Even the vocal audience lets off a good one sometimes. When the previews ended a lady cried "FINALLY!" & I coulda kissed her.
no thanks.
Dnt try to get involved with me when I make it.
too cute and congrats girlie! Welcome to the Alumni Club!
Coolin out!! Things on my mind...
um actually email me right naow bifflawson at gmale
Get it Knox
Live for the now and whats here. Stop living for what may be or what may never come. Live for the day already here.<3
Hello AMC Do you still have AMC independent?
why is Aaron Rodgers getting no love for MVP
You are very welcome! I'm looking forward to visiting your cart soon!!!
sorry - diff David!
I wish i could freestyle. I'd be doing that shit all the time.
I think I'll be hooking up my SNES and 64 later this week, and then go to play n trade and see if there are any games I can buy.
18 proud seconds
#uhoh will probably be drunk anyway. I can't sleep either, btw.
let the fun begin
He had 41 points so I feel him. !
Hey Kathie Just Wanted To Say How ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE GAY COMMUNITY HAS BEEN I Recently Came Out myself
if my googling is correct, as the crow flies you are about 3,500 miles away...
#SMWRoleModels "Food blogs are among the top three blog topics"
I finally understand Pikachu for not wanting to evolve. I'm not the only one that doesn't want to grow up.
really? I think you'd be rather good at it for the same reasons you are a Frustrated Yenta. Compassionate, patient, high EQ.
Hincapie: #287g allows local law enforcement officers to become effectively deputized as #ICE agents
#Amazing how even a small dose of #positive thinking can change the entire outcome of a situation.
Re-connecting with my network and making new contacts. Considering going into business for myself...(?)
#OpeningDay #MLBFC The best double play combo is and Bob Uecker calling the #Brewers on the radio.
Either I have long, luscious eyelashes or the lenses on these sunglasses are remarkably close to my eyeballs.
Passion is the genesis of genius.
#IfICouldIWould...I did it all already and went out in a delirous rant afterwards..
Have a great vacation to HI!! Unwind and enjoy all the awesomeness. Sip some mai-tai. My fave drink.
Twitter drone
I can think of worse things...although that depends on what you're having for dinner. ;-)
- check out with the full-court press! :D
lol yes haha totally xD but It's kinda weird hugging strangers.
Ok. Since I broke a promise, I'll have three posts coming your way!
Small update on Thor: He will go back to Norway to get treatment there in two weeks @ Ullev<U+00E5>l Univeritetsykehus.
A job is about your next paycheck; a career is about next year's paychecks.
Great website and I love your icon as well ;-)
3 hours later and the Internet is back up!! I really need some good luck thrown at me!
already following, follow back? please.. :)
what phone will you get?
What are the best Nike women shoes to get ?
My colleagues and I are literally playing with hotwheels tracks; and #expowest in just days away. Must be Friday!
Off to Cape Girardeau Friday! :)
New Candidate Search: looking for a Senior Accounting Leader/Government Accounting in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Fight the good fight, Micah! I have every confidence it's a case you will make compellingly, persistently, and well.
and I are FUCKING AWESOME.
YES. Tear down this system and build a better one from scratch!
ok c drew
Nope, downloads fine. Just never processes my check-in, or any other input. I know you're not tech support, though. :)
It's a beautiful evening in DC. Can't wait to see and !!!
So best guess is anchor text. It's the most manipulated signal in the SEO world, so it makes sense.
We want them to be succesfull but at the same time, we want them to be our little secret
Barrera: A lot of people say to us, Just make all the cuts! Well that's a hell of a thing to do to kids.
...& I CAN GET HIGHER THAN A SPACESHIP....
TY for the RT. Have a great week ahead.
The crazy part is, I think was changing 's diaper when he sent that tweet:)
regardless of how good people in los angeles think they are driving, they are horrible....
Yes of course.! I thank You for letting me know about that.!
Michael Taussig: "Gusinde says they were offered the same price for a pair of Indian ears as the going rate for a puma<U+2014>one pound sterling."
got though recording like 15+ mins of my new Let's play Black ops & then i play it back to find out that the sound didn't record, i'm pissed
Good so far. Getting some freelance gigs, hoping for 2 days a week at Trader Joe's. #CleanupOnAisle7!!!
Watching Whitney Houston movie "Body Guard".
Studying at the lib with
Really, 90210? ": CW has renewed Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries, and 90210..."
THEY DID?!
Trying out Tweetdeck again after a couple of years haitus. Got spooked by the little chirping update popup.
Good vibes and happy thoughts <U+0001F44C><U+0001F60C>
Twilight on Telemundo!
Ah, thanks. Keep watching; there's a lot more where that came from.
Thanks for the FF! We added a new homepage for playstub.com. What do you think?
Spending the day in the workshop and the studio. Time well spent.
"When asked if he would throw a fastball or a breaking ball, Cross replied, "Heat."" -Boston Globe
Then Tapie and ftp rebrand to create a "verizon" second site so to speak to not leave PStars as a monopoly. Pstars will be happy because
God may require your everything, but in return He will give you His everything, and there are no limits on God!
Be quiet 20 year olds lol
The votes are in: I prefer Campbell's Select Harvest N.E. Clam Chowder to their Chunky N.E. Clam Chowder. It was close.
i got chu
Kicking it old school watching Goodburger!!! Great piece of cinema!!!
<U+201C>: They a doubt you until u make it<U+201D> #fact and claim they supported you
The big day for and Really excited and honored to be a part of it!
It's a record breaking 82 degrees in Portland right now! What did you do to celebrate the heat today?
I pooed my pants okay Bryan now it not dirt
i got my schedule for school and i dont have gym for the first time ever
Hanging at the DMV. Joshy is finally getting his learners. We hope.
This is not a theocracy. We live in a democracy and my body is my own and I have rights over my body. Get over yourself.
you changed your picture. :(
Good morning!
Uh oh. Woke up with a sore throat. I will not be sick, I will NOT be sick!
Don't miss out Nashville. Get your team together and compete in the Green Hills CityStreak this Wednesday night for $300. Sign up now!!!
It was awesome last night.
i had a dream that someone cut all my hair off last night...
thanks so much. Happy you enjoyed the show ;)
My brother is an accountant etc. I like the creative parts of what I do, but less the rest. I'm not the typical engineer, at all :)
As long as everything else is together who gives a shit about a gut. Just more for a nigga to hold on to
Do you have a friend, relative, or associate looking to build a new home in the Hampton Roads area? Call Crestline Homes . 499-7000.
Here's your hipster opportunity for the month, follow before they go mainstream
Y r u so hung up on theocracy? When did Pak public ever supported or demanded such a change ?
Okay the footage I got from the show last night with is dirty man. Some girls really go HAM when they see a video cam.
Yesterday's show reduced me to tears. The love between Mother and son is so apparent <3
I feel like a 2 year old. My mouth hurts so bad. I honestly don't care if they rip out my wisdom teeth. I want them out.
Always here!, just not a twitterbug, lol ": Sup darl! Been a while! Where'd u go2? "
Okays! Lol, no problem... :D
I don't know. I quit about a year ago. Took up way too much time playing a silly game.
Kobe is horrendous tonight.
Glad #Episodes is returning. Good show.
ha! THAT is gonna make it on the show!
SOMEONE NEED TO GET ME BLAZED....
Like you have to do what makes you happy cause in the end whos there? you.
It will rain next Monday. (:
Post Script: Seven starters took the mound the final month of the season and went a combined 4-13 with a 7.15 ERA
hey hey
Cool org! RT : Chk this out NEED. www.foodforward.org. Addressing the need for food in/from our own backyards.
You can't have a vision if you were never taught to see!
Doing a tattoo study in the office today!!! I love the research part, new and improved tattoo removal!
Yeah thats true.So how r u
J. Sotomayor notes there is significant legislative history against #SB1070 s work provision.
writing tonight. studio tomorow. got a busy weekend ahead of me
I went and did it...50 years later
U gettin bigger and bigger lls
You posted a French song on the blog in a post abt Paris..can't find it. Help
LOVING THE DENVER WEATHER!
Random: it hurt more when my ex texted a girl "good nite baby" than it did when he decided he wanted to "see other ppl"
Love unique approach of Next Exit History. Recommend checking out free iphone/ipad app w/ similar idea + gaming elements
HUGE ovation for monta!!!!
RT : I don't think anyone would ever understand what I go through. Exactly why I keep it to myself..
We are leasing for next year! Call 612-703-RENT or email us at
....that almost scared the tweet out of me, almost...;)
See the Andrew Gutauskas Quintet TONIGHT @ 9:30pm at The Brooklyn Lyceum! 227 4th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11215 1 SET ONLY! DON'T MISS OUT!
where at
Off to Phoenix to discuss cloud adoption methodologies and data security
i get in the car n the radio is playing <3
your videos awsome just like you ;D
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella
Why not just SSL/TLS everything now? Why even have HTTP without an SSL layer?
See adults wearing aero... Ugh so annoying! Like wearing a v-neck does not look good on u!
you on the north
Recording session in JAH house today!
I have a dog named selena like the beautiful and talented
Golfing with >>>
Nothing better then your own room and your own bed
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
Youth tonight. (:
Getting close to 800 followers! Craziness...
This rain fits my mood perfectly...
Can't wait to be with #oomf this weekend <U+0001F60D><U+0001F498>
Not everybody!! Can't stand them!! RT : Everybody wanna ride the laker train now... Smh go somewhere!
I wanna be able to wake up with a passion & say I love what I do
that was one belieber, leave.
Thanks again for coming out in the rain on Sunday! Hope to see you again soon!
#TMZ kills more brain cells than alcohol.
where's that?
Sometimes what you need is to avoid what you want.
ready for the games tonight!
Wow. It sucks that much money can go such a shitty family. <U+201C>: From earlier this week: Kardashians Sign $40 MILLION Deal with E!<U+201D>
Her body is a wonderland!
thank you! <U+201C>: great tasting today at the Andaz Hotel NYC. Thank you!<U+201D>
the packets were sent to the mailing systems today!
thanks for the add ! how have you been?
Hey MKE...at least the sun is shining :)
Get it right if you're gonna call me out. Bananas are obviously a fruit, but they are also a berry
Ugh why am I breaking out :(
Yeah, unfortunately I'll be there when Yankees are in town so not many tix left/more expensive than usual. Grabbed OF seats.
A late night dinner outing was just what I needed to relieve some of my stress.
The hardcore way to eat ramen noodles: 1. Boil water 2. Eat block of ramen 3. Drink boiled water 4. Snort flavored powder 5. Fuck Bitches
didn't realize we weren't following you, will add you now.
and did this happen?
oooooohhhhh!! I see.
hello my dear, precious darling rebekah.
At #savor and still Haven't peed.
Starting up Diablo 3 Beta for the first time thanks to !
David Beckham (if he is still considered an athlete)
I think most resented being labeled. Even though this state votes heavily R, most truly believe they're independent.
Arevalos must register for life as a sex offender and can't work ever again as a cop.
u had me grinning from ear 2 ear
alternatively, you could cry your guts out and show your truth . xxoo, kk
I highly agree... How the family doing & life going?
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat by Simms Taback: Recycle, Recycle, Recycle. <U+2672>
Now thru 2/14/12, for every Tweet/reTweet that includes #heart and <U+2019>s, Macy's will donate $2 to Go Red For Women, up to $250,000!
You still have time to raid the cellar<U+2026>
Can't wait for SUMMER <U+2600>
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
right? that movie is amazing
And I've been up for 18 hours, only got 3 hours of sleep last night, and I am feeling exceptionally grumpy.
Hate to bust your bubble #soccer stud, but that girls team isn't watching u, they're waiting for your team to get the hell off their field.
Alex missed baseball opening day photos & has to miss spring picture day tomorrow too because of strep throat :(
After watching Trent Richardson in games and now during his pro day, there is no doubt in my mind that he is the SAFEST pick for the
Haven't had Internet :( I miss twitter but I'm super excited for 420 tomorrow day off Chilln wit my favz :)
yo Mr. Telephone man...it's all good. I was just surprised/joking. Hating is cheap. I'm too rich to hate. Hating is whack!
First Fitness Boot Camp starts September 19 and goes through September 25. 9-11am every morning. Sign up now!! www.Tenacitycircusarts.com
u coming to the over night?
Thank you so much for following , , and Hope to see at one of our upcoming events!
has blocked me. Probably b/c I've fired them. I would care and be sad - but you ain't nobody in this town till I fire you
Pura Belpre honoree is signing books at booth 2047 . Stop by and say hello.
HAHAHAHAHHA that's why I didn't put anything inapporiate!! I knew you would forget or something
we're here too!
ok fan club members!! if there is any1 that u know in the military send us there name or twitter and will give a RT in there honor!!
What a beautiful day in Chicago....
how many tweets do you get and how many ppl talking crap??
:0 TRAITOR ! You went to the dark side. !
I can't even sleep. I bet it was that fucking redbull .___.
Hello Wednesday! Please be gentle. :)
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 ft. of my c*ck in your ass.
With a child theme you take advantage of 2010's custom menu areas, widget areas, print stylesheet, tons of CSS hooks, etc.
Can't wait for the inspired halftime Superbowl(TM) show, featuring a band covering Who songs!
Last #Friday in this gay as school!
Thanks for checking out our site.
Hi Babe! hope you're having a good day! guess I should refer to you as a "lil mom" with the kids you have.
Well gettin on another account cause i love this background but it hurts my eyes :(
already another surprise planned - brunch. We'll do donuts another day.
Thanks for the follow if you need a comedian,DJ,emcee or wedding officiant for any events hit me up
she is about to get knocked up :/
yeah just follow me I'll follow you back
No, that's to graduate on time, unfortunately. And that's after I took 18 most semesters at GB. Transferring can kinda suck
giving my baby boys baths, reading them stories and then its a re-run of MAD MEN-love that show
The thing about not being an especially picky eater is you forget your luck til you try to feed another kid who Totally is.
not a good sign for the future of the planet! Hopefully by raising awareness we can start heading in the other direction.
is Alan Levine. Teaching #ds106 right now. Also interviewed you guys about digital identity a few weeks ago.
I'll be donating all of my tips this week from to the #2012FolkMarathon! Because nothin beats great music & coffee
thanks for the RT!
Getting Ready to Buy Tickets for Coachella @ 10am! Anyone Else Going This Year?
sube las fotos de los muppets!
Face Time c;
I hope you have a good day babe
the fact that wednesday will be one year, <3
BBQ sauce and onion rings...sounds like the Rodeo burger they used to have at Burger King ;)
Snowshoeing at Beaver Creek today! Yayy!
why do I always jinx myself :-(
hahahaha I just saw this :)
follow . Very witty, read tonight's timeline
This is horrible. Too slow, ugly, lots of nonsense on it that nobody wants
My day will consist of soup, Brand New, and a ton of home remedies to get rid of this cold or whatever I have. #sickpeopleproblems :c
Wonder what the punk is going to do without his entourage in jail. Only a chickenshit hits a woman.
Oh yeah, I got $52 in donations today. Made my goal lolz. Yay.
It is going to be a beautiful day in Bloomington. Enjoy our Shrimp Ceviche on the patio.
Want to see soo bad!
love, love, love! <3
Tbh. How Many Real Friends You Got And Trust?
So proud!! RT Karl on Miller: "Andre was sensational in the 2nd half. He made some great plays, great athletic plays.<U+201D>
Thank you Neil for the RT! Greatly appreciated!!!!
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
Jazz great Louis Armstrong was once asked to define jazz. His response was "Man, if you gotta ask, you'll never know."
Hells greatest fear is relationship.
for a moment l'll add my new photos that I made just for twitpic :D
3/4" of rain officialy for Mpls with this morning's line of storms.
Gonna miss Terrence next year.
haha you love to smack the bees nest
Looking for a healthy, tasty, grain-free dental chew for your dog? Check out Zukes Z-Bones...they are amazing!!
I hate when other people get me into trouble... That why I do the solo thing.
hey there you are! funny how that happens. new metric coming soon. :) see you in Montreal maybe?
Seeing Radiohead on Wednesday! Greatest spring break since the year Grindhouse came out
Draw Something is really making me question my drawing abilities, especially playing against lol
Hey, #thisamericanlife - please fact-check "The Jungle. Upton Sinclair is a big fat liar.
are you taking senior sem in summer?
this looks great! thanks!!
acts like you know justin bieber when you dont!
thanks for the info. Quickly found that out
I love the smell of LAX in the morning. It's somewhere between desperation and shame.
1) Remove the "bro" culture 2) focus on growing the game among minorities & low incomes RT What would you do to fix lacrosse?
Bare Bowls in the Menil parking lot until 2PM--absolutely farm fresh lunch. Come into the bookstore for your Richard Serra catalog.
Why would you put up a RegWall to when I'm trying to learn about your product? UX skills should be mandatory for mktg ppl.
Can tell when there ain't shit happening on MY fb, I always end up back here for some reason.......
haha yeah go to pets palace on goldsmith lane off of bardstown... trust me haha
you don't sound like anyone Iknow. must have accidentally tweeted u...certainly steering clear now, whew!
Another reason to loathe #ChrisChristie: TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - NJ Gov vetoes bill allowing same-sex marriage a day after Assembly passes it
Abs...pilates...then yoga. Need some #kangen water now.
Morse Tigers up 7-0 on Ramona on a 40-yard TD run for James Roberts
The hills are alive....Yep!
Oct 4th Sunday.....BIKE MIAMI...Diaspora Vibe Cultural Arts presents Elastic Bond..AFROBETA..SUENALO..no cars Dtown MIAMI 10am--3pm
": So biggie was more lyrical than Tupac.<U+2026> Fuck outta here #hiphoppov "
Praying for you today. Knowing that God's has great things in store for you. A miracle is coming your way!
Then how about every state ?
JW if u r planning on doing a live chat anytime soon?? I miss those!! Maybe 2 promote MALIBU COUNTRY!! JUST AN IDEA :))) LOVE YOU XOXO
Good to have Bob Kemp back on the radio today. Hope you are feeling better.
'Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.' - Mark Twain.
I started reading The Walking Dead comics. It's almost sickening how much better it works as a comic than as a show
Ah, chill haha.
Hey thanks for the follow! too!
The official launch has been pushed back. I think I was a bit over eager anyways. I want to do it right from the get go.
sounds good to me
Yes, time to get this state moving forward.
LOL still man why you gotta hate
Check out my YouTube!!! W.youtube.com/amberrrcooperrr
Am I invited? RT : Haha! RT : Thinking about ditching work and having a pool party!
Real or Fake it doesn't matter. Marv Albert has great hair for an old guy.
#WickedCarnival is gonna be major one day soon! search it on facebook for a closer look
May as well embrace it. :)
Going to be in San Francisco this weekend. Any recommendations for nights/events going on? Saw DJ Assault was playing.
lmao I don't loser
So the answer is yes. We finally have a sunny day here in Venice. Long overdue! Will you be on this side of town later?
Oh and green tea. Thank the god(s) for it everyday.
watch restoration.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities
Monday night $80 dollar bar tab??
where is my friend at??
THERE SHOULD BE A DAY CALLED "ALL CAPS DAY" LOVE ME SOME CAPITAL LETTERS, MAYBE CAPS LOCK DAY
You know what's sad about moving to NY?? I won't get the chance to run into in the city...LOL :)
Phoebe Snow never forgotten RIP
Happy Easter!
Keep your eyes out for "Good Enough" to be sold online soon!
The love we received from others isn't love unless its shared.
We gave away a ton of Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshakes yesterday! If you've had one, what do you think?
CLA will soon announce a major new public art installation coming to the Loop this summer. What is your favorite public artwork in the City?
56 combined points in first half a new Rose Bowl record. Can they hit 100?
With a shuffling of quarterbacks happening this season, the only one out of the mix is Vince Young. How long will it take VY to find a team?
My Fazolis days are coming to an end.
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
Curious about the watch Michael wears on Geek Crash Course? It's a . iPod watch from the initial Kickstarter batch!
Older co-workers telling me about they're appointment for a colonoscopy<<<<<< <U+0001F633>
Awp, I'm sorry the links were all Chinese! I am doing an IRB now, so had the IRBnet International reference from that.
I have strong faith in you getting it up to number 1! So everyone go buy his single! #Buy1111AndGetItToTop10 #believe :)
its still weed. You can be an alcoholic and drink shitty natty ice or something lol
I MADE JUNIOR VARSITY CHEER!!!!AH<3(: -KENN
OH: "I can take my little girl to Disney this summer because of "
IM not weird today!!!!
A and C
twitter is not interesting to me anymore. we might break up.
Your welcome anytime you need to talk to anyone don't hesitate :) I got you homie
Too many fucking rabbits.
Jason Bourne style I imagine!
Beach party on the threshold of hell.
yvw! You had a great post @ "Mommies' Dearest" blog. Definitely will return!
For all my friends ! Come to follow my bestie she also following back ! She's new joiner ~ she's ballerina
thanks for the tweet, Chris!
50 years, or 18,251 days ago, Central started meeting. Celebrate with us this weekend - it's going to be a party! Centralonline.tv
ICFGR teleconference w Pam Rollins -"'show up & do your best' is individual contributor thinking"
Have a Bucket List? Text You of the day - text yourself the "number one" outrageous thing you want to do and give it a deadline!
McBee fall away 3 to send it to overtime. Wow!
going to bed in 5min
I can't today:( prom later, hmm when next week are you free?
just realized some things about family.
i can't wait for to come out with their new album!!!!!!
Motorsports: Hinton: The new old Smoke After 17 years of turbulence in Indy cars and NASCAR, after three Cup titles, after 46 visits to
Conversation I overheard: "you're a senior?" "no but I'm graduating early". ....I wish that was me.
RADIO JOB POSTING: Awesome Coastal Top 50 market looking for Hot AC Middays/imaging. Send demo/resume 2 !
How'd you get so smart? You must have incredibly savvy women in your life. <U+0001F609>
Yes ma'am! You go gurrl!
The pressure! RT : Our executive editor who could stand to tweet a little more:
My mom is so drunk.
Bank next door was robbed. Question - why would you hold up a bank next door to GSA & DOJ, and across from ATF?!
welcome to TWITTER...I broke ya TWEET cherry!! <3 xox
Einstein's Special: Turkey & Cheddar Melt Combo $7.99! New draft beers available @ Pepper's Bar: Bud light, Stella Artois, Sam Adams and Blu
Its so hot
oh....haha I still need to get money!!! :)
im in love with a strippppeer
I Will keep you posted. Not sure if it's at 9 or 10.
sweet! I like that they are colored to coordinate, they look awesome
Hello! Would like to submit an app to your site for review. Can you point me in the right direction?
I'm a loyalist! I LOVE everyone. Total crush on Josh.
300, Sin City, Sky Captain. These are the completely green screen movies I can think of. Are there more I'm missing?
Dinner and the movie time with the br0o.
What in the name of fuckery is going on?!
i thinik should of been with beth in stead of eve match
Was thinking around 4:30 eastern...want to email me? . Did you get to see any of #Hopkins? They CRUSHED.
Thought Marquez won it, barely. Maybe Pacquiao malaise? Who knows outside of you guys.
Date announcing shorter, easier to read credit card agreements today. 514 million cards currently in circ in US
Aye world
Not yet but that is an excellent idea! I will send link shortly. Thanks, Liz.
haha. No it would middle school if we went for matching anklets. Which of course I am now thinking we should do.
"You can do anything for 30 seconds"
I think that would create a new problem...
S/o to all the #AfterSchoolSpecial fans who came out to support tonight. and 's girlfriend
What's your word for this year? Mine is Compassion - not sympathy - but compassion for Self and Others. 1-1-11 - Yes!!
I'm going to send you a few e-mails to check out
Yesterday I was flying high / With you / Today I<U+2019>m back on planet Earth / Silently crying / in the river of Tuesday blues
you definitely caught me.
Being a bum
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Are those who engage in threesomes with their partner really trying to spice things up or are they unhappy?
Got up this Morning with all intents to Run lake Montebello this AM. #HelloRain ;o) To the basement for workout it is!
Do you think people were born fashionistas or developed style over time?
Does Missouri have scorpions
Is it bad that I'm crying cos there's no way ill be able to convince my parents to let me go to CA to see the boys
SOME Guys cheat. SOME Girls cheat. SOME Guys are faithful. SOME Girls are faithful. So STOP BITCHIN' & LEARN HOW TO PICK 'EM BETTER!
Registration is boring as hell >:/ there barley calling # 212 and I'm # 269 this is bullshit >:/
"by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you: deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass.."
Oh so that's how that works<U+2026> ;) Signed up, sir.
hahaha oh hush upp. We have an odd family. Buut us two are the shit, so it don't matter
. coming to see you show tonight. Any chance you're gonna be there?
RT : A GOOD WOMAN can make you happy when nothing else can.
Ah! Tim-Tams are classics! Much love from Australia :) x
going to see the Avengers in one hour and 36 minutes.
What's Jerry's excuse this year?
Twitter is
Walking to Occidental Park to start
AWESOME and good for you. You deserve it!
i followed you can you follow me back please??:)
Great day for a walk in the park.
that's trilla my Killa. Thx for the thx! Be sure to retweet everything I say and like all my links on other sites
Everyone follow
#EFCSRchat thanks for hosting this chat!
Gia is so crazy!
It should also be stated that the we are based out of Bloomington currently!
Nicola_Christine <---- Follow Me On Instagram , I'll Follow You Back (:
BREAKING NEWS : RT : Report of an Vancouver armed robbery @ Northeast 17th Ave. in Vancouver. 2 suspects sought. No injuries.
So, Sid Vicious checked out Feb. 2nd, it seems. Still, a little too close to the Buddy Holly ending.
because i'm afraid of going to jail and being someone's prison b*tch. :p
RT : Mix of joy + caution. Thrilled #OA mvmt had real impact in killing #RWA + causing #Elsevier to back down. But must...
Happy Birthdayy Deng!! love you :D
We may or may not have a response to it hanging out in the photo booth area.....;)
Rihanna Rocks a Sheer Body Suit While Partying with Chris Brown and Drake in Hollywood [PHOTOS] -
show us this tweet and we'll give you a free pair of your own amazing sunglasses!!!!
At # Is it weird that the camera guy is making me nervous?
~ Wow! Congrats! Ava is such a cutie! :D
RT : RT : Don't forget to cull fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms,...
thank you for a fun season. Sad way to end it, but we've been spoiled as Packer fans :)
Ha! Why not? They're so close to each other...
Anyone looking for logo design? I know someone offering an awesome rate!
what is your favorite book if you have one if not who have you been dieing to work with singer/actor
And I need to stop letting my personal crap get in the way of my job. It's time to grow up and deal with things differently.
Be the hero of your office, bring in breakfast tacos from the Goat!
RT: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, is Time Magazine's Person of the Year.
Having a conversation with a 78 year old man has only two possibilities. Enlightening or unfathomably awkward.
so my mom said that Noah might be getting out of the hospital this or next week c: ohh cant wait to see my nephew<3
Really ? #disappointed #onepercentambassador RT Kid Rock joins Mitt Romney in rally before Michigan primary
Just met #Team365. Very interesting...
Approx 30 mins until trivia for 2 tix to game today! Everyone get your fingers/thumbs ready first (fully correct) answer wins!
LetterThree shares with your enrollment staff what the pharmaceutical industry has known for years. Learn the basics of precall planning
great trailers for the rest of the season and #Galaktikon so damn good!!!
9:30 can't come fast enough! Let's do this!
Pretentious people are pretentious. It's occurring now.
LOL so i'm guessing it's better? :P
Damn the Orioles' pitching SUCKS, at least we won good seats
Can't wait for the weather to get nice so I can hang out on the patio. Reminds me of New Orleans.
YUM. I can't wait to try that!!
#incaseyoudidntknow it's okay to cry, we all have emotions. Just becus you cry, doesn't make you a "bitch"
That was lame
Seeing the world in a new creative light today.
you're welcome c:
Dont bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
Do that at the xmas clerance sale cheap yet smart
think you're missing the point. Walmart wasn't paying protection money. It was bribing to grease the skids. Much different
Have your haters make you, not break you.
A lot of extended clips, no actor. Bang Bang!
I'm pretending that I don't have 3.5 shittons of work to do in the next 4 hours & reading your tweets.
can you follow back? :)
- The Intellect NEVER Helped Anyone, ONLY LOVE DOES!
i'm still working on my book about you:) <3
Perfect combination Curly Fries+Chocolate Shake ='s Happiness
Everyone check out our Facebook page and don't forget to like it while you're there! WWW.facebook.com/ALMFPromotions
Don't miss the last sex trivia of 2010. The prizes from and will make your NYE way more fun!
Hiring counter staff. must be available weekends and a couple weekday shifts. part time!
Mercy I need to have this baby so I can drink some of these cocktails you're jabbering about...drooooollll...
I am glad you overcame the bullying. What made you stand up and how did you do it? :)
Who doesn't love a drunk viewing of Sleepless in Seattle with your best friends of a Saturday night?
Aww Milly crying cuz he don't wanna go to Mexico. :o
I'm clearly not good during high stress situations.
Make your res for Saturday's Tea Clinic featuring Black & Green Tea paired w/ Tea Infused Shortbread Cookies
Haven't been on in forever, what's good ya'll
I took a bath instead. Stings like a dog ;) and my mom is making me wear long sleeves
the packers have had the lead in the 4th quarter and kept it for 14 straight games
Why am I such a jealous person? <<<<
Love the Blues? We do too - Come to the to see Tommy Dukes Blues Band live, Sat. May 19, 9pm!
#GhettoGameShow "Who's daddy is it anyways?"
Ooh, I've got it. How about a law that Congress has to PASS LAWS?
I will hold my tongue on this whole North Carolina thing until I know all the facts and form my own opinion.
": Sex aint better than love..." Speak for yourself"
In Miami u go out and niccas are predictable....yall be wearin the same shit...at the same damn time!!! lol
Actually I was thinking more like Guinness and soda bread. Funny this came up - forgot this Saturday is St. Pat's Day!
Duh, were you expecting new anime?
Don't forget Happy Hour Wed
i followed you all back #teamfollowback!!!
a lawn? Or hay waiting to be harvested?
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction ~ John F Kennedy
Haaaha RT : After Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.
Thankful for all of the progress AHA has made over the years!
Believe in your self! That's the best gift you can give to you
you hacker. If you don't like the twitter.com interface, try #TwitterFox addon for FF.
I just love you and can't wait to see what they are doing with you. More music? <3<3<3<3<3
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
never doubt me.
Yeah, living on the NW side sucks. I'm going to have to go downtown, aren't I...
I been taking it for two & I can only count to nine RT ": I took spanish for 6 years, i learned NOTHING."
night 1 of course!
you gonna watch the #STEELERS VS. #JETS GAME? JETS R GOING DOWN!!! #blackandyellow :)
Long day but still doing something
I miss u!!! On the way
"I don't want the language of TV culture to become the language with which I speak." - Chris Hedges PLNUWS
I hope the Pacers get this W
fuck it, blow that last check on weed
Office closes at 3pm for the holiday weekend
#kids Family Friendly Block Party at KNOX on May 12, 2012 at Knox Dallas, Sat, May 12 1:00p: Knox District will host KnoxFest, a family...
Brilliant: In CA, cold war did not influence CRM as in other regions. Widening a narrative complicates our understanding
We apologize for that...a lot of really excited volunteers on the phone over here...^jh
I DID!! KEEP refreshing! it says i follow you!
#ItsCrazyHow i'd never thought my life would turnout like this, the opposite of what it was a year ago.
Oh ew. I need a manicure
Wrought means, work or labor, so I want them to realize the efforts we Americans sustained while they were alive! Plus an inferno
job issues?
congrats on being preggo good luck!!
sarah silverman is cute and smart the video is a bit unnerving though!
Haha i flipped my sis off and she was like "OMG YOU'RE LIKE NAILL!"
bread baking and fresh orechiette w/anchovies, chili and olive oil
But that's the best combination ;-)
i like that you two are tweeting from the same events at the same time. creates a nice echo in the timeline.
Check in. <U+201C>: Retweet if you are having a good beard day....ladies too<U+201D>
Snow at night, rain in the morning
Pre #e3 golf tomorrow... Who is playing?
Of course an all Lucky Charms diet is good for you.
Solo tonight not going anywhere if you want me you find me at the crib!!
You know how Dahlia loves her YouTube videos. That is something we'd watch, especially if there's dancing.
Woke up on wrong side of the bed!!
its official you all have the worst customer service in America
(in Mazz Boston accent) "he was a pats killa this year. Dan snyda does the grocery shoppin for shannahan"
": Spaz at winking Lizard tonite in Lakewood"
Great game last night! I'll see you next week. ;)
where u at
Be true to thyself.
Small thinkers do not get big breaks.
now it's time for a new bio
me please? :3
Happy Friday everyone!!
I know i spelled his name wrong haha my bad!
Hella late but Happy birthday to that man Drake. #GOODARTIST s/o
Thank you for all your hard work! I really appreciate it!
Sure sign that Spring is near - saw picnic tables being delivered to a snowball stand today.
" Be patient, because when that time comes, it will come on time."
completely DONE w/ him...never wanted you...never needed you...better off without him. #startingover ;)
Still a headcase & has yet to have a good outing <U+201C>: Don't understand the Parra hate. RT : scary we rely on Parra<U+201D>
I feel like poop. My tummy hurts...
appreciate it! Thanks!
Ipads & Kindles are cool, but I love the smell & feel of real books.
Shooting with tonight!
That Maurice Sendak anecdote about the kid who ate the picture? It's sweet, but think of the mom dealing with a kid pooping half a postcard.
nobody can make me smile the way he does :)
R.I.P., Donna Summer, 1948-2012. The undisputed Queen of Disco has been forever silienced.
Enjoyed the backpacking trip to Colorado.
Aw thanks for the compliment :)
RT : Congrats to R.C. Slocum on his induction into the #NFF College Football Hall of Fame, representing new #SEC member
Love Council President Young's motto for helping business..."Do no harm!" Thank you!
#FF to our new followers!
Goodmorning Zaddy cant wait to see you today.. I Love you^_^
I am cracking up on the shitter!
At least this is something to look forward too this year!
"love me or hate me I promise it won't make or break me! -lil wayne
yeah me to ! so whats for lunch.. lol
Just saw Ralph Wilson stadium in Orchard Park, I have to admit, there is nicer high school stadiums in Texas.
I remember "Habit," tho not proud to admit it -- MTM reference was an attempt at a highly obscure "Change of Habit" joke.
enjoy yr stay. many eagles fans here in the 305.
My loan was approved (: then my sister took me shopping :)
yeah, fat chance
my understanding is that Jefferson was a Deist who believed Jesus thought of himself ....as a Deist, not a messianic figure.
Agreed! RT : Beginning of a needed discussion w/ Don't let it drop Let's work on it
That bitch was fuckin me& suckin me at
promise him something he loves immediately after
I have to admit I love those two<U+2026> especially the first
Dem fuckas ain't makin' no sense.
In the TV studio all day working on a new commercial with a client...lights...camera...action :)
RT : "You're desktop site is full of crap." - If you don't need it in mobile, you don't need it.
THE BILL IS UP ON TOP OF CAPITOL HILL... IF U DON'T KNOW NOW U KNOW... NICCAS
RT @ FredCuellar It's Hard 2 Find Your Way Back Home, When You Don't Have A Home...
Irish you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
": Wow just played my song "all in due time" for a packed house at Alibi. Dope!"shit bangs!
thank you & great day to you as well :)
Sometimes I feel as my thoughts to real for a fucking tweet.....
RT : see you soon on the show floor!
Any ideas on how to connect to data viz people in Austin?
Rs Quest ~ Devious Minds
Just finished eating the worlds worst cereal.
hahaha oh yeah, I carry a cigar with me all the time-i just wanted you to hear it from me :)
Check out our new look !
Vistaar Capitalizes on Its 2011 Momentum With Strong Start to 2012
Another TD for Clark. Let's go defense. Go Colts!
Missed the Funding Forum last week? Come to Reiss 284 at 7:15 tomorrow night for part 2!
The Hunger Games !!
Finally some recognition, there's been a coffee named Redhead at Wendys.
I think urban-mtg out of town friends & they'll want to tour the city. I was thinking Rosario but it's not available in July.
hey, wouldja look at that! were both mcneills! WOO TEAM MCNEILL!
how do i send you the pictures for the video??
RT : You should try the new vodka from Barcelona it's called it's here in NY now!
"Snail Fish And Roaches" made everyone dance today at the Sock Hop. Thanks to for making it happen .
appreciate the solidarity.
Music lives in me!!!!
Wait, you're back in the city?? We so need to catch up.
Nahh. Im just not constantly on twitter. #GetALife;D
Focus On Orlando Uy ~ Walking With His Camera
stop being a bad student and take notes now.
Wow that ceremony was crazy long
Just dropped off at JFK at 4am. just pointed out the Enterprise and called it the Endeavor. Lofl.
This convo reminds of my pres last sem on design & ed; drew comparison bet. assembly (sg daily school assembly) & assemblage
just told me he doesn't like #community and he really doesn't like #chang. I've lost respect for you as a man.
Thank you Thank you. Here's looking at you, duck. Take care of my in NYC!
who you going to TOA with?
Interactive Technology to play crucial role in Disney Stores Nationwide - www.sojolounge.com
Nicki crazy but love her crazy self entertaining
Doctor Office Property for Sale and get FREE business. Condo in Professional building - medical/dental use. Currently configured as 3 exam <U+2026>
Papa Gino's never fails.
Your a BEAUTIFUL women. Your my insperation Tyra!<3
RT soo fun!!<U+201C>: Thank you to everyone who came to #TAGDerby yesterday! It was a great party and we appreciate your support!<U+201D>
Good :) We should go to WOF this summer! :)
About to do my eyebrows -.- I hate this, it makes me cry :(
True very true. But sometimes it just hits you at random moment. Plus, I never really came to terms with it yet.
taylor green pwns.
Really been going through some things but there are brighter days ahead!!!!!
Taking bets on whether #dickclark will be doing New Years Eve "weekend at bernie's" style this year. Don't blame me. TV execs r shameless.
's course at is what I imagine a good workshop must be like. Constant stream of good advice and inspiration.
Bryce Harper with his first career bomb... many more to come, will he be catching soon?
How's the Yaks teri by your work?
Austin Mahone "THE BIG BREAK IN NYC"
like a huge one
haha, the mustache suites you very well(:
Went out to eat & didn't even order soda.
": There has been more written about the obscurest of Star Wars creatures than there has about water."
i have so much faith in them and they let me down
I nominate Adele for top soundtrack for dental visits
RT : I can't believe Lamborn is the only member of the subcommittee here.
Be careful next not to hurt yourself from dancing?
Frank's FREE plays tonight - Houston Astros +112, LA Dodgers -1.5 +165, Texas Rangers Over 5, LA Angels Over 4
lol you aren't evil!!! You have nervous laughter, I do too! I once had a laugh attack at a funeral
I will be in the lobby of the Hyatt at Bar333 (wearing a scarf), so I think it is time for a #blend12 #tweetup before dinner ;)
Oh Nvm I'm On My IPhone N I Thought It Was Gonna Take A Min. Check It Out
So, what wines are in your weekend plans? Stop by the Diamond Ridge Market, sample a few and then take a bottle or two home?
Oh no, you ruined my image of you now. I thought it was your baby picture.
Spent fuel rod disposal has always been one of my major concern about Nuclear energy.
We like to think it does. Thanks for the shout out.
On the real i dont give a fuck about shit u think i care i dont
American Apparel and Polarn O Pyret.
Hey hey hey lol, thanks for ALL the #cool #Shouties you sent to me Mr. T xD ~~~~rich
I need suggestions of fun places to work... I'm expanding my search!
you should follow and
Utah is oh so nice, I could get used to waking up and seeing mountains everyday.
Who else shares the irrational fear of being forced onto a reality show and made to dance? I would refuse and be branded "uptight." :(
this girl really loves her paw print tattoos on her but......#evethrowback shes like 50
Hey, is Jan & JoJo w/you? Need 2 wish them Happy Mother's Day. :-)
Of course they did! #chulavista polz will never close the loophole that means they can come back and eat from the trough again!
I miss eating breakfast in San Antonio.
Hey kids, want to feel old? MJ is 49 today.
Education is the most important issue that we face. Without it, we will perish. With it, we will flourish.
Pete, the song is the least of our problems.
Fuckin Lakers better beat OKC tonight word to Anne Frank
S/O to my bestfriend <----FOLLOW HIM NOW!
isn't texting talking points during the meeting a violation of public comment rules. Can all of us get a voice this way?
VNCO peaceful rally was a huge success over the weekend but we must keep on helping Vietnam fight for their lands against Red China
If only homework was fun...
Injuries don't get attributed to factors outside injuring incident as much a they should. Otherwise Jazz & Blazers trainers would be fired.
#dudeswhodontdance haven't yet lived.
Smith-Rowsey: typical framing: twitter and social media as key tech in Iranian Green Revolution
does that make you a boy, then?
Wish u said yes when everthing was No </3
it won't let me DM you back!:/
Yes. But don't count them; math is hard.
lot of good memories, but could watch the 12 Indiana clips from this last year over and over and over
Can't wait for the weekend...
Where are you having dinner tonight? We're checking out Au Cheval tomorrow, any recommendations?
Just heard that my pal was named the Web Marketing Manager of The Rackspace Cloud. How cool!! Congrats Nick!! :)
Why does walmart hire so many old people
you greedy lil thing you!
hi brennan. interested to chat with you. can you follow me so we can dm?
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. Thomas A. Edison
I know it's been a while
For the record, I still like Iceberg lettuce. It's not all we have available.
Omg can we leave yet?
2nd RT : If you are on a plane in the Atlantic..Happy New Year!!!
I saw this too! It's hard for me to pay for that when I can just make it at home though!
It's not like we will ever find out either, cause she never gives grades back.
DO YOU GUYS THINK YOU CAN HELP ME GET A SHOUTOUT FROM THE BOYZ TOMORROW FOR MY 16th BIRTHDAY!? MENTION ME IF YOU WILL HELP PLEASE :)
I'm so tired now I can't keep myself contained to 140...even when my phone tells me to stfu
your lips are sexy, beautiful and all in all, 100% real :-D
no problem.(:
glad got a twitter!! :))
Europe is on the verge of imploding. Are we next? The status quo will be our doom. Vote Freedom, Fee Market and Trade. Surrender to control
Has anybody figured out yet that the #Flyers did not spend their money wisely when they signed Bryzgalov? 8 more years of this? Ouch!
Perfect Sunday morning for a ride....
I am but I dunno if I wanna help u lol...what's the problem lol
$state issues
It's been a min since I did some public speaking
dude ima fuckan cry :( we need those tickets.........
seriously jumping out of my pants in anticipation of the schiaparelli/prada exhibit at the met. who's coming with??!
cool, I haven't seen The Vow yet. I was on my way to satisfy a Cheetos craving ;-)
can't wait to visit!
eh, I'm restless and it was the first thing that popped on Netflix. I gotta pee. Don't wanna leave my room. Fearful of zombies.
yes and we dont even need to freaking study, oh lord :')
what gov't org paid for most of that care?? Welfare?
you should knock on his door once and then leave before he can answer. Not really.
Learn how small businesses can generate leads efficiently by leveraging inbound Internet marketing
You are definitely one busy man!
Want to catch more errors in your writing - read it out loud.
Tables for this weekend at both Static & sister venue are filling up fast! Call or email now before they're gone!
I am so ready for some nature in less than two weeks
not a problem. :)
thanks for tweeting my link. :-)
<3 (: gonna lay in bed texting peeps.. <3 (: n uploading pics from mahh' phone(:.. ;)
"5 not alive"
I'm so bored, I just went through 's tweets and looked at every twitpic to pass the time... I feel so good about myself right now.
snoop dogg sold cameron diaz weed in high school
Waiting to chat with Larry Ahrens at 9 AM on 1550 - hope you'll join us!
What will Apple look like (& more importantly, *do*) apres Jobs?
WOW! They are really cutting back. Ricidulous!
People are still talking about Kaner's drunk weekend? I GUESS I SHOULD WRITE ABOUT IT FINALLY.
Wade's gonna go off next half lbs
date you again it's freaking ridiculous.. Gahdddd!
Lawyer just said: I wasn't yelling, I was advocating strongly.
girl nah
i found you:P
What about Corpus? It's fairly close to S.A (: You have a lot of Mahomies here !
Nightmares all night. What does that mean?
I got your message. We can plan for tomorrow evening around 8 my time. Does that work for you?
Microsoft Word 2010 tutorials: Microsoft Office Home &amp; Student 2010 ...
I really wish I could see today....but I guess I'll have to wait till Friday.
Thanks David! Congrats to YOU for mixing the hell out of "Celeste and Jesse!"
Yeah, something like that. I just wanna know why he was let go
cool profile picture!
AMAZING video ! It's good to see Vinny dancing, and you both are so talented.
kelly osbourne! didnt even have to think about it
Great to see waving the green flag from a bucket truck over Washington street to start the Indianapolis Mini Marathon this AM!
Congrats to on a win for game 3 #allin Get another win on Tue!!!
Great song! Thank you for sharing!
OMG!!! Right now, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
Thx , we stand corrected. Already followed so is our #FF today
whoa. B careful...
People always look at the bad things. Why doesn't anyone look at the good things?
just ate so much greasy food :( Jesus spare me.
I love pandora radio!
Same to you! But I hope to see you at the Networking Reception later!
I only like being with my baby
Make sure to send us a picture of you being the tooth fairy!
RT : Dude. is bringing me a milkshake. LIke, to my door. Just 'cause. (wow, thats service)
If I were the detective on that show Awake, I would've gotten with the tennis coach already. It's not cheating if it's a different reality
#oomf is so orange put you're makeup on right
My mom asked me who the severed head was in the hills... like I know and am not telling LAPD...
weekend polo lounge celeb sightings = olsen twins & michael kors = i die!
Ha! Its never too late
Yeah probably... lol - RT wow i feel like a tweet too much...
Last night we made a hard decision to support a budget that brings balance to CA; wish it didn<U+2019>t include cuts to so many valuable programs.
Painful: site crashes during crit room at museums and the web
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk, when the Hulk gets mad he turns into
Discovered a few things tonight. Potosi's Cave Ale is delicious, as is the reuben at the Weary Traveler.
We're my luh nigga at
pleased to meet such an artist.
The iEconomy: Apple, America and a Squeezed Middle Class
I had tbone steak corn and mash potatos. It was good.
okay, i've became obsessed with twitter in the past 4 days. YAY.
For once, I'm not afraid to say I have no idea what to do now...
i hate letting people down. so. so much.
#ItsAmazingHow your BM need you when it's convenient for her Hoe Ass.
Why I'm UP??.... Anyway I'm HUNGRY but DON'T feel like going down there to fix anything..decisions decisions
I love when you tweet these! It keeps me busy for days!
EY Jr. Robbed Dee Gordon of extra bases and an RBI.
We're a Digital Media Program located in SEA, WA. We're headed to NYC in May. Would love to find ways to connect! Interested?
A story from Lake Wobegon this week exactly mirrored my life. Hooray for me, I'm officially middle aged! And Norwegian!
My sidekick loves #thevoice as much as I do. Catching up on the DVR!
I really hate when someone tweets something really good but makes typos, then I wont retweet it lol,
And once we are all here...people had better take out Earthquake insurance. We're gonna shake things up!!!
I wish Sarkozy could lose without that meaning Hollande became President.
I know this is really ": Rockin' the Flock this morning. So stoked to be playing my drums in worship of our Lord!"
I am not a fan of pulling content from a spreadsheet!
I seriously just can't believe you said all of that to me
finishing reading the last two chapters of hunger games so I can start on catching fire. I'm the worst on finishing books I start
Get down for the derby on 5/5 w annual Kentucky Derby Party. Mint Juleps, bourbon & lots of BBQ. Fancy hats optional.
this is Twitter, "Apropos of absolutely nothing" is taken as read
hey amanda
Only god and Larry read old tweets.
IM LOOKING FOR SECURITY (BOUNCERS) , IF YOUR INTERESTED OR KNOW SOMEONE TEXT ME 210.789.9079
Omg I just saw a spider!!
Reading a woman w/ Uranus at the 10th Career/home chaos. But lucky her w/ a Leo Sun @ 10 degrees in 2013 Uranus turns the chaos into gold :)
Please don't forget to cherish her
Why is, pee yellow ? :o
Apologies to any and all who received the phishing email from my account. Evil people with nothing better to do.Problem should be resolved.
hahaha oh yea duh ;) lsn't it making you soo happy?! I feel like i'm on top of the world and everything's falling into place!
Headed into Manhattan to my cousin Kerry's Bachelorette Party !
you only have like...99days to enjoy meat again
Here we go , going in my house to confront another bullshit of my day
That article is still pissing me off. A ranty response is just what is needed.
Guess I am going to have start bartering Klout points for work favors!
RT : "What sets highly successful creative people apart? Grit. The stubborn refusal to quit."
Just walking in to see Sex and the City 2... Let you know how it is soon :)
We really want to, but we are headed to the beach to tomorrow to test one of our upcoming iPhone apps.
All of the above.....
the one that just passed lol
well not really but hey can you message me ?
Our Hero is ready for it, and all other suffering, to be over.
Hear, hear RT We are keeping Disco alive today for the Queen!
Can barley keep my eyes open right now. :/
six years! Thats a lot. Lol so how old were you when you started? Over here it's like super hot today. Lol I like cold weather
Missed you.
yes, thank you!
BEST of Interop WINNER!!!
daww thank you :]
yeah, is he?
"Nicholls goaded into a display of manhood, seizes her fiercely by the arms."- THE STRAW
day 2 in the can! Bring on
tickets for May show in DC sold out. Pish posh.
Them Mexicans were like "YOU WANNA WORK HERE, BEAUTIFUL??? HERE HAVE AN APPLICATION!" calm yo thirsty asses down..I just wanted a taco.
I don't hit women, but Wasserman-Schultz is up for debate. I don't know if IT counts.
Lolz so it was a one time thing :)
Hey CG lacrosse guys can't make it to Fazoli's sorry so you gonna have to find another ride if you were plannin on commin with me! #Sorry!
If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive today, what would he be tweeting?
wow bulls are booty lol
me too . We would be out right now foo .
YES! :-) RT In the sequel Myrna Loy and the ghost of Bill Powell investigate the accident.
you should know that I now sit in the dark even when you're not here.
last longer with RT is usually +EV
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh heat & serve Cinnamon Rolls on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
I <3 Sandman!
Sent 3 texts yesterday. Still haven't got a response
for people who hate on the one-button apple mouse, at least you can use it with mittens on
Holy shit, so many good shows coming but I am most excited for this!
#epic go hawks!!
where's Asia when I need her
Play time! YAY!
Is that like the bat signal?
Is putting the FUN back in museum FUNdraising with
not exactly sure what compelled me to scratch my nose after handling a jalapeno but i'm pretty sure now it wasn't worth it -lisa
We are still receiving beautiful scarves for our rescuers. Thank you everyone! Program is stopping for the summer.
I love the pens and canucks:) my mom my mom says im cheating on the bolts cuz i like other teams... lol
First thing each day do you do something to #focus your mind in a #positive direction? #attitude #leadership SeanLetwat
if you are taking the pere marquette it will be at gate E track 20 when u get to CHI. I'll be in the waiting area
I have yet to decide if Nationwide really is "on my side."
It's true: Once you pop, you really never can stop. Pringles. Yum.
You know what a turtle is? Same thing.
No one likes a rock-hard cookie; Soften them by storing them with apples or soft bread in an airtight container!
Did you take advantage of Cyber Monday? Check out Xona for the best deals on the web. We<U+2019>re just one click away from your perfect getaway!
The workshop's agenda includes fundraising, sponsorship, event promotion, and more!
RT : Only thing missing is jack daniels - too early too early but just wait :) << Lynchburg Lemonade
Did you have any doubts that I am one classy bitch? I just saved a little Burgundy for my after-dinner cotton candy at Alexander's.
In the recipe business, it's all about the Cs: chicken, cookies, candy, cocktails, chocolate, comfort food...
Damn man, you have sources now? #bigtime haha...
Im sure we can find at least one person with a maingate or two! Imagine the looks on their faces when we return
Someone said "You're doing great today cause your smiling" Just cause I was smiling? They have no idea. Aaaaahhhhhh
tighten up
lakers thunder series
#home time to hit dah books:/t
when you coming back to Brooklyn? Bashmentssss
Ok Raven Nation is the kind of Baltimore fan we need more of. Just listen to him on the podcast. "Suggs v Uggs"
Be a part of something great! Start your degree today. Call 1-617-603-6942! Move your career forward and SHINE!
<U+201C>A mistake proves that someone at least tried.<U+201D>
P.S. from #AllPeoples quoted Alabama's 1st black federal judge U.W. Clemon: b/c of HB56 "the Hispanic man is the new Negro."
Thank you for the mention! :)
Direct and to the point. I liked it
Sure. Happy to help.
Well, I won't watch The Naked Prey the same way ever again.
watching the ustrream video you tweeted. please follow!!
Happy Amy Adams is a Terrible Actress Day!
Yes, really--I heard the same thing.
THAT'S FUNNY!
i was listenin 2 marketplace on npr this morning and wondering what u thought about groupon! thx 4 sharing :-)
yea and return and RB
Just added "set time to debrief with " to my to-do list
Grumpy frumpy #ADD night.
word of the day: yawnsome. battle of the day: data-driven intelligence vs true serendipity
According to the moron cops out here, an UNEMPLOYED CONVICTED FELON who is SHOOTING UP IN PUBLIC isn't a threat b/c she's a WHITE GIRL.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Nice quote any fool with a dick can get make a baby but only a real can raise his children -Boyz in the hood
The album is getting me through my afternoon. Highly recommended.
my husband & my cousin is sleep . ugh he won't wrap his arm around me . lol.
The Whitney Houston tribute by jennifer hudson at the #grammys was great. But they could have done more for her tonight.
When did u change ur Twitter name??
I am following. Looking forward to updates. " thanks Renee. Follow us for live updates until we start our investigation."
Durbin warming in the bullpen for the Indians -- A's lead 3-2 in the 6th #MLB #A's
Well, I didn't win the lottery. Guess I'm going to work tomorrow
Seeing The Raven instead of The Avengers. Lol
yea bro
That's a lot of kid movies! Also, just wanted to say thanks for the Bandcamp recommendation! Really appreciate it. :)
Breathe in . Breathe out.
RT : Grateful to see The Island President tonight @ SF Green Film Fest. Go See It!!
plz don't quit the Austin Mahone story on YouTube
no worries, just curious and probably jealous. Best of luck!
Rumor has it that Kerouac is about to reorb.it - his approach visible to the naked-eye on May first.
Are the lights on the Market St bridge ever gonna be fixed? Notice it every night when I walk home from work at Drexel.
Just got goosebumps when the guy came out. Haha making everyone go back to their seats :P
What's worse the pain of hard work or the pain of regret?
Boozer trash
Cool! Any Android app yet?
hi dan:) x
= ) you're sweet
kill it tonight ;)
At times peer pressure or family pressure cause a person to get an abortion also social pressure its not white or black or cut & dry
Maybe it's time for a revolt! The Weekend Warriors Uprising!
Sauce on side!
no..wendys has chicken mcnuggets too!
RT Searching for the truth is easy. accepting the truth is hard.
#HungerGames last night said: Don't just win, change system. Later at U. Square, I told #OWS video feed to switch to defending
Thoughtfully Built: Homes on Esprit Park include 2 planned City Car Share spots for residents who choose not to own a car.
haha. Id be so mad if my sisters did tht!
Only those who risk going too far, find out how far they can go...
Busy day today! We're switching into high gear for that special time of year--Better Speech and Hearing Month!
Ended up Gettin 6th with that last entry in the monster 1k for 81. Biggest MTT score to date but you know how it is coming so close
I mean it was nearly impossible to wrap up such a great series. That being said, I was ok with it.
It's hot...oh wait...that's just me <U+0001F61C>
Our agency is enjoying the Disney Earmarked Conference today! Tonight we are headed to Universal for a VIP tour and dinner!
Enter the Super Shopper Stamp Card drawing on Sunday and you could win $500 in prizes!
In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less..
Why can't it just be nice sunny weather for the rest of the year? Fuck this bipolar weather shit.
I can almost see what else you're reading LOL. My kindle has all my teen daughters books on it so i look like a twit.
lol it turned out packed lol i completely just got back
It was great meeting you guys last night! Let's keep in touch!
Ruth is on the carpet with Patrick Dempsey, so not expecting Kristen till she's unoccupied....
Today is my favorite nonholiday - Beware the #Ides of March
I would forget my glasses in my golfbag that didn't make it to Knoxville :(
Dressing professionally for a library outreach today. Have "Nothing suits me like a suit" playing over and over again in my head.
I just want to be held...
Does anyone know the real ?
B Day, I see your DC Talk and raise you Steven Curtis Chapman and Newsboys.
All #vegans & #athletes, Follow & check out the site! Eat kind.Be strong
Fun!!!! Can't wait;) Is it cotton candy?
and thanks for checking out the app!
been hoopin all over u since grade 6 t james
Enjoy eFacialMasks.com's special promotion: Complimentary GROUND shipping on all orders $149.99 & more for orders within the 48 US states.
Twitter is the best invention in life.. I can bitch about stupid people and they will NEVER KNOW
If you need someone to tell you to stop worrying about something, from boys to tests, I'm here for you. It has been my job the last few days
Oh, no apology needed. I didn't mean to guilt you into following me again! Do as you please :)
love that that was "sent from your iPad"
Yes panic at the disco fuck yeah :-)
What is a good Song for me to YouTube? I need a pick-me-up :)
OK not really!!Haha!:) just focus on the face,haha!And OHH MY GOSH nice get up you have there for dinner, love it, so stylish!~~:)
Thanks so much Laura! <3
I am running a leaked version of 4.0 stock and I must say I am liking TW over CM9.
can anyone make a tiny chat?
Watching las caballeras perform (side saddle horse riding)and this dude walk up and goes, "Oh! This shit is like The Three Amigos!".
. OTL Ques: Should Fl A&M marching band be disbanded following hazing death? <-- yes. We'd have shut down a fraternity for same.
- Naw it's 2-1 if their down 3-1 I'll panic until then......I'm cooler than a fan
I know rite it's goin to be awesome
you going up with Friday?
Hey! What's going?
I'm still at work dealing with dumbasses!!
Hittin the studio tonight with
Watching Criminal Minds with Viggle Wed | 20 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Joseph doesn't get home til later ... What to do?? ):
I would rather me leave than stay and watch you make a fool of me.
LMAOO first off I'm not tryin to rape u...I got too much pride to steep so low. N strong relation can over come both worlds.
Now you're just taunting me. Anytime after 5?
options rock!
"Im allergic in hormones"haha funniest line in the movie #theartofgetingby!
Many hope for an opportunity but few take steps to encourage it. Worse, few take steps to be prepared when it comes.
So many t.l. Twitter accounts. How do we know which is the real one? Guess we will never truly know for sure. Peace.
thank you!
#NF back - Thanks for following & reaching out. RT : need u n the mag follow bak
Happy St. Andrews Day to all my Scottish friends!
I lube the nightlife! I like to boogie...on the disco round!
Goodmorning how r u ?:)can u follow me please?!:)ily
Which #Baltimore #Raven do you think was in the #BlueRock #studio this week?
its raining like a mothefucker up in here:-(
to continue the #whinge why isn't this already indexed?!? i was shocked by this - knowing genealogy i shouldn't be but still
thank you for being one of the 19 Repubs who voted no on Ryan's Budget Plan yesterday.
Block this number
Great meeting today with Ronald McDonald House NYC Bill Sullivan - as CEO Bill has had 7 years of mission impact & growth..helping more kids
good morning sexy;) xoxo
about to drop a new video
RT : Great talk on how B2B campaigns can be cost effective and engaging--even when product isn't sexy Thx #bwhds<thx!
unconvincing win against a poorly coached team
It's Monday Night! is dancing first tonight! Start voting now
I missed your commentaries on Facebook, over all a pretty good awards show. Exciting to see the Civil Wars.
<U+201C>If you know the art of breathing you have the strength, wisdom, and courage of ten tigers.<U+201D> Chinese adage
My sister is beyond weak... Smh I'm glad I have the greatest friends that love me unconditionally..
Damm I still remember PB&J (Party Bros & Jose)
RT : Overheard a man saying the worst 4 words a man can say to his wife - "... And my mom agrees..."
omg! I saw the line up I want to come up to BC so bad!!!
Hi Brad , check out , a great option for a virtual PBX. Feel free to connect w/ happy customer
#HungerGames for the third time! #fun #saturday!
While tried my 1st Nice clean beer, although basil not my thing. Will have to try some more of their brews.
#CNNdebate tomorrow. Applause allowed..Let's hope they don't Just allow Newt fans in the building like they did last debate.
....has some very exciting news to share! Stay tuned! #greater!
We are open 24/7/365. We never close, and you will always talk to a live person.
I keep telling myself just three more weeks.. Just three.
lol. No you don't
Like who is this guy & how did he get in ? Haha! This is hilarious!! :))
Happy Friday! Make it a great one, #indianapolis!
While it's true that the key is to keep getting up after you've been knocked down, try once in a while to keep from getting knocked down.
Thinking about making el wire antennae for #bm09. There are many construction options. Any tips?
Why is Fred Armisen on so many stations?
Haven't forgotten you guys! Will keep you posted with an opening date.
S/O to my favorite CSU ppl lo-lo & tee-tee love you guys !!!
Will this feature only one band, yours? Or allow others to sign up and list their bio, photos, merchandise, downloads, etc, too?
<U+201C>A leader's job is to help people have vision of their potential.<U+201D> John Porter
#IfWeedWereLegal gee whiz
Hence the recent ballot box idiocy, one might suspect.
Hey! Once we get these photos back from , we'll finally send our interview back to you guys.
Don't forget the foie in butter and escargot in butter. Love that place. Enjoy.
Trying to find low cost eye trackers, any ideas out there?
To be honest I really don't care xD both Coke and Pepsi delight my taste buds. \(^.^)/
ms.Santangelo said no texting, tweeting or ipods. Hahahaha this bitch
Parents kill more Dreams than anybody.....Do not kill ur children's Dreams. ..SpikeLee. #BETHonors<U+201D><U+201D>
ikr? i hear stories and ik ur normal compared to them
Stupid allergies ):
i love hearing old throw backs I used to love
I have u livin life like u should you can have it so good.....HAPPY WEIRD/WACKY WILD WENDSDAY lol have a good day ICONiacz =) *Kita
Ok, it's #teacherappreciation week & still hasn't rescinded my pink slip even tho he's going 2save million$ w/furloughs Thx!
I fucking love putting my headphones in the wash. :)
Needs to start playing "Drinks On Me" the new single by
Happy birthday Mehdi
Yeahh can you drive?????
We will be relaunching our complete New Cambridge Shakespeare series (NCS) this April - Are you ready for it? : D
nice! I wonder if there is any place on the West Side that could shoot and edit something like that...
Cheaper parking since everything else is more expensive.
"This love is difficult, but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. It's a LOVE STORY, baby, just say YES."
Yo! Let's meet up while we're down here. What's your sched. looking like? I'd love to hear how things are going
I'll never understand why Southerners continue to vote for politicians who don't have their best interests in mind.
- so accurate. I have my best thoughts in the shower.
That's a WRAP!!!
congrats newest cheesehead! From a diehard packer fan, congrats and good luck this season! GOPACKGO!!!
5-10 inches of snow projected today...come in and get a few things to warm you up during the storm.
chicks dig my beard ;)
that's an absurd statement. Please take it back
Follow me on twitter so I kno it's real
Best comedy: Modern Family
RT : That was a real earthquake. The earth responding to #osu undefeated season.
All right New York...Look no further New York's hottest club is Splash. And were not talking about mermaids although I could be wrong.
Osweiler will scan defenses at nearly 5,287 feet above sea level in Denver. I mean, replacing Manning is a tall order, but that's ridiculous
Not feeling good at all :(
Seasons Change and so has Avon For the Best. Rita 404.454.1494 serving Atlanta and Surrounding Areas.www.youravon/rbrown.com
yes! What time should we be there? Also, would it be weird of I wore an IU shirt?
I love loving fireworks.
I must have missed that post. That's awesome, good luck!
If there's any class that I wish I can just get out of, its piano.
SHOES,SHOES AND MORE SHOES COME IN TO CITY GEAR DERBY HERE!!! ROUNDHOUSE ADIDAS,SHELLTOE ADIDAS, AND MUCH MORE
because its fake?? Haha
Ashton kutcher- a job well done !!
HAHAHA! Yes, to clarify.... an 'actual" douche. :)
Arary McGowan (Arary_McGowan) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Just stoled an orange
Last night I attempted a front straddle whip on the flying trapeze. Blindfolded. In tights. This morning I realize I have a strange job.
You wanna Fuck with my game we'll be bringin you the pain ...that will never change
BEST fudge recipe. I usually use semi-sweet, tho. Is milk choc that much better? Not TOO sweet?
I care about Andy and Champion and I want Leslie to win and I like sleeping.
come at me bro
I say what i want(:
When no one tweets you <<<
me too ! I was curious if I would miss his first song
Women are now no longer worried just about financial security, but are looking for life experiences and the ability to be themselves
even Jenny is always asking for u big Brotha
Thank you to everyone on Warped Tour, we had a great time. Thank you for all of your support, we will see you soon!
sorry I couldn't make the stream :(
follow me?
WESTERN CONFERENCE Showdown of #Lakers & #CLIPPERS would ROCK LA!! Not that I'm expecting it...but wouldn't it be f un?
glad you liked it. Soon as I upload some of the new stuff, I'll let you know.
Thank you!
I'm re-wiring myself (drinking a 2nd cup of coffee).
RT life as a lead is an endless list of little things that collectively keep u busy, but in aggregate dont feel much like progress
you're the sweetest :)
go Monsters
have you worked with us before? If not, let us know - would love to have you in for a tasting!
YES it's true! Shorty's will be opening up in Boca this month. The corner of 441 and Clint Moore Rd.
Don't fucking lie to me. About anything. Period.
There is more sugar in the Powerbar I ate earlier on set than in the package of peanut butter m&ms I'm just now about to eat.
I guess I have time to run some errands then, huh? Thanks!
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. --Maya Angelou
Thank you! :)
Listen to some classic Bob Marley,hope ya like Jammin' too...
What are the current trends in #education #technology?
like probably not for awhile
My YouTube account is back up and running :P videos. Hah lame but I can say i try :)
I need an ipod with more fucking room!
We should be done in 45 mins, and nick is heading back to the house : where the fuck y'all at though?
I think Petrino should ride on her motorcycle.
All<U+2764> No H8
haha! you're still awesome.
Tonight's PSO performance with the world premiere of Andre Previn's Triple Concerto is starting! Listen on Classical QED 89.3
Interesting post-you need some r & r or as my sis says to get centered. :) Maybe just a shot of bourbon will do the trick :)
& thank you! I remember preview looks really good!! Starts tonight?
tweet tweet
is now gettin followed!
you already know its about the TarHeels not them weak Blue Devils lol
Oh man. That's my favorite halftime show!
looks like ima have to walk to school again today . i swear to god im so heated. ugh
I do know a U9 girls coach I could throw it out at him...you in any tournaments? It makes us play a lot better
Don't forget to attend 's elections forum! informatively this year. 4pm, Gowen 301
why is your mug ugly?
I need to get some theyre real cute
Hey Guys what time is your meeting?
haha!! I'll bring my dogs leash and collar for u tomorrow... Their pretty u will LOVE them!!(; jkk
RT : AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING ARTICLE!!!!!!!!!!
Managed to squeeze in my annual "anchor using a radar gun" standup tonight. Feels good to be back to work!
Don't get ahead of yourself
you're welcome >;D aha
My dreams have been insane lately, I need a revelation! lol
Cats beat 4th ranked Iowa!!
Oops-NC law banning gay marriage did not take 102 yrs to set aside;just 92-1875 law declared unconstitutional in 1967
We're currently filling in spots for sponsorship deals, if your band is interested send us an email here:
Pen > Pencil
is it raining outside?? my office has no windows. i just see a goldenrod wall. so to me, its kinda sunny...
diversity of funding sounds like you need medical cannabis tax $?
yes im singel
Let's Go Brewers..... Bay Packers....probably no NBA because my Milwaukee Bucks trash....smh Let's Go Wisconsin
thanks big man. Tell Coach Sanchez hello.
Can't sleep... So what is a man to do? Watch old school favorite- "National Lampoon's Vacation"
Looks like some spots for that #dataviz seminar with Amanda Cox just opened up. Unfortunately, I've since made other plans.
. How often do you travel (days per year)?Sseems like you are always on tour.
Wished my dad happy fathers day and lamented about the big 12
Red Tails was a great flick. Run on out now and go see it!
Hi - thank you. You have a great week as well.
well. It's about getting messy. And that's do much fun!
i miss hangin out wit the loonies.... im gettin xtra drunk 4 u
"In time, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow." GREAT TM NEWS COMING SOON!
What crew is performing right now??
Is there a reason why a man and another man can't elope?
Is it wrong that I'm enjoying #juryduty?
700th goes out to my suite that i miss so much and love so dearly
yeah I know:) think you should follow my tumblr
nun hoopn n work
every game?? He miss too many bunnies
I just called it 'the most profound tweet ever': "The Iraq war is over" - President Obama. Your thoughts?
Ha, I got that kinda loving to keep you off the streets.
Phil Huges tonight for Yankees. Will he give us a positive going into Boston??
#Cavs offense wants this game to be over as soon as possible. #WhoWantsToChuckSomeThrees?
Goodnight loves! Don't forget to wash your face;) the 1-step cleanser is perfect to clean, remove excess oils & tone all in 1
We're looking for a dermatologist for the 6:30 news. Do you know anyone? Send me an email
The DK MRAs put on an excellent retreat today for the staff! Many thanks to Lauren, Jake & Nicole! Kudos to all of DK for being awesome!
Just leaving now. Had to talk to Dunda before I left. Will be back soon.
did you REALLY think Andy was gonna draft a LB in the first round?!
am not much of a vintage movie person, but suddenly, my mind is drawn back to some fabulous movies back in time.
Check out this pic that we just got of our buyer Lear hanging out with his buddy Ben from ESPN 103.3 before the Mavs game the other...
Contact us for school fundraising opportunities! RUN IT.
9 days till come to chicago!! Going to see it with this is gonna be the best day ever <3
That's a distinct possibility
Happening now! Coventry Jones performing a collection of original songs !
Look Out For The World Premiere of Hott New Video "Talking Bout Da DonSon " ft. D.I. Game Changers
Some people can have everything in the world they ever dreamed of and still not be satisfied
Indeed. It's a big year for us!
vodka cheerios = Jessica's worst idea ever
thanks for following. I BET you are glad we are following you. Like the lame pun?
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!87
I'm there! RT I'll be on #pearljam Sirius xm for the next 2 hours. Gonna dig deep, happy #PJ20 boys and girls
3 nights in a row I've had a dream about this cute guy in my grade.. I hate that they're dreams. Lol :c
I'm going to be at Heroes In Heels tomorrow to help women in Tampa Bay. It won't be the first time i've worn heels...just saying.
How about $1250 in football sqrs 4 the Big Game? Play in our poker rm all week 4 your chance to win! See a supervisor for complete details
Getting Mad Over Stupid Stuff
Most folks wont even read the new terms... What are you going to do, opt out?
A problem in my geometry book starts: "A lead box for vials of plutonium..." What happened to equations with apples and watermelons?
Perfect lunch left over hard boiled eggs and tuna... Yum!!!
I should have sent Ben around to your place with the girls. I barely made it off the block but they did a little "shopping"
Glad #Jermaine won and gave God the glory
anyone tried to reset a password on spotify? is there some secret European way to do this?
Awesome, just awesome, for Rosie Napravnik.
have a great trip it's a beautiful place
Our #newplay initiative #newTACTics is deep in reading for our 2012 fest + each script we read refines our aesthetic criteria.
I kinda thought it was Alexis Texas
Oh my gosh you're brother is special!
My baby in jail an I'm missing him like crazy... Oh but when he here out the sex is gone be BANANAS!!!
Happy 4th! Remember the reasons we celebrate today, & be thankful to live in this great country! God Bless America!
Yum, coffee & breakfast? Check! Let the rest of the day begin :)
Are you craving a nice big juicy burger? Fox Sports Grill has the best burger in town! Come join us!! We are open at 11am everyday.
So Nice out after all the crappy rain
Thanksgiving duck is only a few days away.
342: Isn't it nice how really busy workdays go by so quickly? Today I'm thankful for that (and grown-up grilled cheese sandwiches!).
or just turn it off! RT : Tip of the Day: Set your computer to <U+201C>hibernate<U+201D> when not in use for 30 minutes or longer.
That awkward moment when my knee is swollen
Apparently I am the laziest cataloger evah.
follow back? ( btw i luv your background :D)
Awesome day with my best friends
follow back? ;)
Bang Tech 12 & DTM - these guys are great. Classy but gnarly #Detroit party. Even the ugly records I bring are welcome here.
who are you touring with?
Big screen tonight<U+0001F427><U+0001F604>
Guess who's excited for 's new video?! ME! Haha #yee (:
congratulations to you & !
lol made that shit official as hell
I'm voting for you and your nuts in 2012!
"Consolidation and Virtualization: Doing More with Less"?
On the road to Page County for a dinner with some great local Dems-amazed by the stinkbug infestation along the way!
Does Markakis always strike out looking? Swing the damn bat, Nick.
Not so much... I'm thinking I may consult a professional... considering my lung almost ended up on the floor last night :(
then why aren't you doing your work hm? haha
Thanks for using Hark!
great!! How about yourself?
Go all in!! Be so committed to Gods plan that people mistake His plan for your good idea!
Weird is the new normal.
Church always reminds my soul there's something bigger.
Barnes: "[O]ur perceptions of...disability are coloured by a deep-rooted psychological fear of the unknown, the anomalous and the abnormal."
Purveyors of truth. Duckslayers.
call me asap plz
Maybe your society ": We watch/judge celebrities because they are in many ways just mirrors of our society."
Success is the Best Revenge
interesting. as long as you enjoy it, that's what matters, right?
Joy to the world.
"Lets face it, Google is a player/coach" -Terry Kawaja at
Thanks for the #ff. :) You're neat too.
and look amazing doing it......
Making shit all unnecessarily difficult
Praying that my cold goes away before Saturday...running+coughing=hot mess.
Gay Talese says he could never write piece about Sinatra now b/c no one pays for that kind of reporting time. Essays cheaper
Say how many times I gotta tell u I am not a house nigga! Get ya own crib!
I wasn't aware that sac was actually a city but I agree its odd how quick this town changes it's tone
I am me. Like I'm picking up on that more and more. I'm scared cause what if this isn't me ? And I'm only doing it to fit in ? But I'm happy
TAB gift certificates are sold out!
RT #NYC fans & friends - I'd love to give you free tickets and a piece of original art at my show at TRYING 2 win
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO YOU ? I might punch your boy if he will do something bad to you!!!!
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CLASS OF 2012 AT THE UNIVERSITY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA!
#stm2012 David Lipman starting off as this morning's speaker on reflections on the life cycle on biomedical research paper
Having A Bad Nite
it's victorias secret...can there BE any good experiences?
I suddenly have much less sympathy. :) Only my overheating Macbook stood between me and numb fingers this morning.
I feel like there should be way more public restrooms
I need to watch it but my computer is a piece of shit! :/
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 318
why does it say I am not following ?? twitter has been messing up so much lately -__- it's making me mad.
I Love you more! FaceTime tomorrow right?
fans are amazing! Congratualtions sweetie! You're trending!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Thinks auto-tuning is whack!
Sounds excellent! Toppings?
you talk real slick, but can you back it up?
Awesome Q& A ... Thank you.. confidence has gone from 90% to 100% :)
Joe Six Pack #Obama2012 Pitch: If u would consider a phony elitist who even Republicans dont like after last guy shit canned the economy...
Actually a 3rd book in series after "Doomsday Book" & "To Say Nothing of the Dog" which are good.Haven't read Blackout yet.
Just got a great run in and great talk with
Hey Candance! So glad to be connected here!
I. Think everyone needs to take a break click the link on my profile and just go crazy with shopping fever
STILL POPPED!
I have to drive home in a storm. Excuse me, I didn't sign up for this.
like spaceflight, 80% will throw up the first time.
yes please fran stop it !
in class waiting for 8!
Fashion Week TikiDolls,let's be extra #FAB and remember our founders! (: Viva La Fashionista!
so glad to hear! What did you have?
i know you are..i don't take offense to anything..Im sarcastic
if my laptop freezes and stops working one more time I'm gonna cry. I really don't wanna have to pay for a new one. omg.
Watching march of the penguins in English...I love me my penguins!
good looking bro!
They've converged the art of music, sound, color, movement into one artistic performance, which is unusual.
<U+201C> I hate the new Twitter for desktop. Dear iThing, I miss you.<U+201D>..>Agreed!!
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk
I wont use my period as an excuse for being rude. But I am really grumpy. #sorry :(
"I am opposed to the yielding of an inch of United States territory." Charles Warren Fairbanks, born on this day in 1852. VP under TR.
agreed! #processlearning #dml2012 it's the journey as much as the temporary destination
Who thinks the Red Sox will get swept this weekend?! It all starts with a bashing of
I ordered a wrong screen for my net book and it's still sitting here lol not enough time
We got to witness a Jonesy HOME RUN in person today!!! Wooohooo!! :D
If you want something amazing in life, chase after it, and dont hold back.
Laying by the fire alternating between work and homework. There's no need to change out of my PJs today right?
More precisely, not unintelligible, but reflection of what editor thought key point. In which case, why use primary sources?
If you hands you'll totally love following these guys on twitter. #yesyou #allofyou RT : Testing, Testing.
yeah our wedding should be held there dude
jbfc_ny Burns Film Center Looking forward to tonight at ! Plus meet the man behind the puppet! t.co/lukiyVpX ^RS
Just took my company's required online wellness test -- and scored so low that I fear I may die before the sun comes up.
Trying to get over a flu & watching #SOTU , wondering if it's counter-productive. I just won't watch the response - that'll cause a relapse.
Are clothes required? Bring your own rohypnol? I need details.
Follow for all the #NFLdraft pick updates and PR commentary!
For sure, we heard you guys did the album. We'll definitely check metrosonic out
My foot fell a sleep. It looks so cute, i don't want to wake it.
He was a cornerback at the University of Texas. He's a Junior that's entering the draft early.
May 18- Amina Figarova sextet at the Manchester Craftments Guild in Pittsburgh, PA
RT : Good luck to all the guards at #WGI2012 this weekend! Especially !! Get it pride!!<U+201D>
The Ayinger will probably only last through the weekend, so if you want some, come quick!
definitely still a Monday!
Wow the hawks won damn good game
Nobody does jeans and a t-shirt better than me.
who you routing for these days?
<U+201C>: Now it's nearly spring, I can finally wear my power capris. #lovethem<U+201D> So ready for spring!
You're a cool cat. I can see the respect you have for the art form we know as hip-hop. Hopefully we will work together soon.
RT : Quiz night hits at 8pm. $2 tall boys + half off rails w/ on the mic!
Okay you just ruined my fucking high. Heated af.
miss u more. Same here with me. Also getting ready for finals too
First time driving since surgery.
Bad link, bro...says page isn't there.
sometimes, I see things, and they Hit me so hard... l lose control too. Being human is cool to me :)
r u sure? just called sprint and they denied the recent news
Ok people...the winner is who resurrected his initial wrong response with the correct date! Congrats!
#oomf likes my smile :-)
I was jesting
RT Jesus wept when A/C fell out his window
love what you said about Discipline and the Lord. I feel you on that one.
Just got word, big surprise at Dell VIP event!
The movie was outstanding, very compelling and very well done - Pat Doyle
omg i cannot stop laughing this is hilarious
OMG me too. LOVE that picture & golden retrievers.
I wonder if Bloopers for gay porn exist?....and what exactly would be on it? That would be hilarious to watch!!
This diet will be the death of me <U+0001F612>
Bola de ratas!! E
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom- to chart brain major connections
Tonight's delicious dinner (actually leftovers from last night)...polenta w/escarole and beans. Oh baby! So good!
A single day is enough to make us a little larger. ~Paul Klee
Wrong way to the top - Sydney Morning Herald
There is still time to resign your lease! Make sure to talk to the front desk or call 612-703-RENT
I'm not hooking you up with any CV guys. I would never put you through that.
Kind of :/ But there's no way I'm missing our brainstorm pizza party tomorrow
I wonder what Austin thinks of my username, lol. He probably thinks I'm a freak. (;
Wow that was the most fun I've ever had doing homework.. FOL + this really cool simulator = a great time
I need more followers #teamfollowback plzz :D ill follow yuh back asap :D
We have a huge benefit show coming April 1st! Fashion shows, live musical performances and great surprises and giveaways! Keep checking in!
want a shout out ?(: <3
I know how you feel with missing everything... I spend the day with the inlaws and missed it all... Oh well.
did you make it? :-)
i need followers.
Tweet me ;)
" Oh, and if you forgot your username as well, it's saleem." Ha! Stellar password reset just schooled me. Zing!
Some guys now these days and their fucking nerve -___-
How many times can u say f@#% in one episode lol
Lots of birthdays today. Happy Birthday to & Have a great day!
Ay!!! S/O to Follow her ass! Her beats are dope.
Happy Tuesday everyone. :)
We'll take a look. Shoot us an email with an example URL.
he's furious. Seriously.
Must be the first time my desktop has really been clear for a while... just noticed my bkgd pic is still a calendar of Sept.
Little Brother skit, "I'm your worst f*<U+20AC>king nightmare." Funny Eli, really f'in funny.
McFarland Heating & Air-conditioning Services Boston, Suburbs.
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Hope you understand my love letter to my unborn child
Maybach Limo Services coming soon, stay tuned.
Capped off the weekend with the best play Ive seen in a long time. See Good People Westwood. You won't regret it!
After being behind 6 people ordering sugary frappe drinks, I wonder if I'm the only person left who orders coffee at a coffee shop.
RT : You must live your life from beginning to end: No one else can do it for you. - Hopi proverb
#imsinglebecause relationships are so pointless at this age unless you really have found that girl who is worth it, I haven't
So, I'm researching Ohio only now... less complicated? Oh well... in touch with three other programs already... slight delay. :)
we're doing pretty good! Getting ready to release our new album!
#whatmakesmesad is when ppl hate on harley, They always steal what i was going to say!:P
And I suggest wearing your protective bike helmet when you walk into your house! RT : I hate REM.
No WaY i LoOk ExAcTly ThE sAmE wAy :O
Roy Halladay may give Cubs a higher ranking vs. Mr.
No more #chartership questions right now, Claire, but thanks for facilitating.
wuz good son
love it RT : A6: I cut up toppings, & have everyone make their own mini pizzas. Way to get people inv..
Having kids is awesome, especially when they bring nasty colds home to infect you with.
Hackintosh dead. I<U+2019>m sorry Steve, I<U+2019>ll never stray again!
It feels empty without you! Yesterday I even said " I miss brianna!!" and someone asked why I was like " she's not in here!"
Glad you make could make it to the show! What an amazing start to Encore!
Just had a sweet,sweet bath,and ate Villalobos burritos!Spain has to wait a month,or two!
haha, its fine.
So sad. RIP Adam Yauch
I am so happy to be back in New Orleans! No other city like it. Now this is home... Love my city bayyyybay!
What symbol does Katniss wear in the arena?
yes still here :)
Congratulations! You've won our family 4 pack to our Family Day this Sunday in New York City. we will dm with details :)
I grew up in eastern NC, so was often between Wilmington & Raleigh areas. (I have a bunch of old flyers from Greenville @ FB)
get in my belly now.
Amunson I don't want you to touch the ball at all...plz!
Let's see how long he lasts...
Heads up for anyone interested: UK - Florida replay coming up at 10:00 pm on CBSSN channel 158 on DishNetwork (hopefully in HD)
Penn State presentation at #iappsummit refers to "silo of squirrels" to refer to distributed nature of academic environments
RT : - what a great day!
Chillin Listen To Music Since It Is Still Rainin Outside... Tryin To C wat Ima gt Into Dis Weekend>>>
what said is heteronormative not homophobic we often conflate the two
How is that not game misconduct for boarding?
Stuck in traffic! :o(
I live like 20 mins away from the place where he was! aekughwoifhwoeHFKJSNHHSOGHohwr PISSED. BEYOND PISSED.
have a blessed day, filled with rational decisions and productivity ;)
<U+201C>: DUDE She Just called you blind! OH HELL NO! Where is she?!<U+201D> um..that's me?(;
On the flip side, it won't matter much. If he's good, he's good. If Pats thought Brady was that good, wouldn't have gone 199.
We want to welcome all of our new fans tonight from Funny Pics. You guys are the best!!! Love your page..
RT : Remember: The storm will pass..but the lesson will last.
You prairie folk and your cute nicknames for hoodies. ;-)
RT : She in the basement eating gruel and popping out kids just because the nigga is the son of her favorite artist smh
Thanks, Sheri! Yes, your Granite Bay group is the best!
I'm not sure yet :O
When we say things like "I can't" , "I don't have the money", ect. We cut off the possibilities of anything great happening to us.
Happy Friday! Rock out this weekend!
Everyday I am thankful for where I am. I could have been anyone in any circumstance. But I am here in school entertaining the idea of
Today we made progress! The triangle takes time, we just need to get the whole "moving without the ball" thing
right inside door
superstar potential. Probaly still top 5, but stock prolly dropping.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch! Did you claim your special offer??
Great catch bullpen catcher protector guy!
Seeing all the footballers tweet about fitness makes me miss soccer so much more
haha wasn't me luckily, that was
it's impossible
I cant deal with people that are bums.
Norma, that is what I call intelligent criticism
I'm really emotional right now. It sucks having feelings ... usually I don't have those things =\
I'm at RBA talking w cool HR folks abt twitter. Whoa!
WWW REALLY?
It may be a hit, but Ronda looks miserable in that picture!
What u gonna play? Where p cruiser at?
So basically if we both walked in somewhere infested with roaches & lizards, we'd probably rather be dead. Sounds good lol.
I got a subscription to rolling stone after a class in criminology their are a similarities between psychos and musical artists.
Almost #Friday!
I can't explain what happened over twitter!!! I'll have to tell you whenever I see you again!
new levels of disappointment.
Ryan Braun tests positive for steroids and can face a 50 game suspension to begin the year
/glare why must you muddy things up with facts?
Johnny, thanks for the mention.
Cool I like Pink to!
very true rt yes cuz she's on camera she's such a drama queen lol she cry all the time
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* <U+00AF>\(<U+30C4>)/<U+00AF>
He sure is. Thanks for coming to campus. The show was great.
Can u pls RT? Livestream tonight with to hear more about his new show! Go to for details!
new girl is my fave show(: i love it to!
LMFAOO I'm cracking up :D
Bet, we gon' talk..
I'm feeling real good
I am high on humor. Producer Bill humor. ;)
Never eat a whole carton of cherries at once...even though it may be delicious! :O
saw a rainbow on the way to work this morning. happy thursday.
it's amazing for those sudden late night cravings
They're moshing on the floor at the #SocialDistortion show. Glad I'm in the comfy VIP balcony!
I know what you mean - kinda hard to cram everything in to a byline :-) Thanks for the friendship!
thanks guys!!
Will you and your Dad start investing in Motion Pictures??..now would be a good time, since the Stock Market ready to Crash!
Yes! It will be a great weekend.
Spirit Airlines is trying to start charging passengers $100 for each carry-on, and to that I say, GOD LUCK!
Happy Mothers Day To Every Mother Out There Who Done Their Part For Her Beautiful Children <U+0001F499>
Any other Bay Area kids see all this "KONY" stuff and instead think about KOFY TV?
Bench #12 he stinks
I may need to put in a call to make sure all is well.
hell yeah shawdy
Only three days until <U+201C>Viral,<U+201D> the new music video I directed for The Architekz drops.
Won't be long before he actually is!
Oh Anthony,You really aught not make such appearances in my dreams (lingering tingles) Can't wait to see u boys 5/25!
Come join us for a discussion of Ohioan Susan Orlean's "Rin Tin Tin", the amazing story of a dog who was adopted in World War I Europe...
#COOL i know how you feel.
You Fell Off BAD !
I remember when you niggas wasn't even rocking beards ...
hope you're having fun!!! Please go on Indiana Jones at least twice for me :)
Macbook...whatever you wanna call it(:
#IMissTheDaysWhen I was a kid.
Everybody must have been shopping today. I had the fewest emails ever!
I'm imagining Tim hooked up to electric shock with your finger on the buzzer.
Happy Mother's Day to the women who embrace that title & for the sacrifices they make. Blessed to have my mother, wife, & mother in law.
The waves in Cleveland are crazy right now.
Area 61/62/63 met today and set the budget.
me too I just turned
My UX comment today: "This record button looks more like a Japanese flague".
Planning to work with family in Cozamal Mexico this month. I love warm places and love knowing another family will be living a new life soon
RT : RT : Pattern for change: direct the rider, motivate the elephant and shape the path. - Chip Heath
Good Luck in the WPT Championship, wish I could make it but will see you the following week. Need to cash Phil Good Luck
Is it Friday yet? What? Damn - where did the week go?
"Tonight is gonna be legend- (wait for it) -ary. - Barney Stinson
Let me know ifyou need something.
What's been your favorite issue of Bleu Mag?....
what time is it there? :O
come with me (i think serg is going too)
Hi Angela. Thank u for following. Nice 2 meet u. Have a #blessed day :)
In Hood River apple picking, from farm stands. Gorgeous views of Mt Hood from the road & that fresh blueberry tampanada!
shit just got real .
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten.
My 7 year old daughter was thrilled to find your picture in her Murray Elementary School Yearbook this year.
now open down the street from me, just ordered three meals worth of food
#icantgoadaywithout my phone
I call my penis Mr. Stretch Armstrong :(
RT : If any Oracle DBAs are looking for full-time work please let me know. (Please retweet!)
4 days until I"m in San Diego.... Is it possible to be this happy?? :D
I want to call me cus im bored but i doubt he will
Mark your calendars. Trivia each Thursday. 8pm.
thanks! What do you think I could offer that would be more useful than everything already out there? There's so much on this topic!
What do you call a singing computer? A dell
Janelle is coming over on my bus, then the mall, then her house<3 (:
Rock chalk.
Why regulate personal relationships? Gov't involvement in marriage = vestige of era women had no rights.
consumer reports.
Nothing more awk than getting friend requests from navajos. Just got1 hint: Tom's shorts.
Relax by the window with a pot of Wild Rose Melange and a cup of Baby Artichoke with a Spinach & Beet Salad.
lebron is up there with kobe. Even kobe says lebron is better then him
Gotta admire Aviles trying to fake the drop to get the double play, but lol really?
RT : MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it
Thanks for the shout-out! Have a great weekend!
Stop taking the long way....
watching ppl resolve huge tech issues makes you feel like your work can be done by a trained rabbit. go and !
THESE LABEL SIGNING NIGGAS FROM THE HOOD WHO ANIT NEVER HAD SHIT SO THEY TAKE 60,000 RECORD DEAL NOT KNOWING THAT ANIT SHIT
I cant watch anymore football. So i watch Despicable Me instead. Great movie!
. Yep, a small one but he said you just never know on a commercial scale. He literally pantomimed rolling dice.
well do some eff'n sign language then!!
Penny off the big bang is........sexy
they need to reward good host school and find new locations for poor hosts. Some host schools are terrible!
tell me more!
i love you pretty girl :)
Tonight we toast to the sincere (perhaps desperate) hope that tonight's rain will be warm like bathwater and melt all the ugly brown snow.
Oh, I agree! & I think this storyline is excellent drama. Far better than endless "Saint Jason."
His rankings are based off of #BroussardSources RT Cleveland has there worst week yet and is in the top ten now?
only 2.25 million--sounds like he lost indeed!! Gimme a f*cking break.
Old Travesty
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums
I wonder who my students are thinking about as their political hero or hack for today. I predict at least one #stpattysday theme.
Time to get it! Get that Thursday #hustle on and get on the #water tomorrow evening!
the race you are regardless of what transpires in it why live being this race?
well obviously ur invited ur my
Who else has been watching the Chad Ochocinco dating show? These girls are stupid! He can't seriously be attracted to them!
sigh! Wish I was there!<U+201C>: Breaking news- Ben Mankiewicz to introduce Citizen Kane March 9th at Hearst Castle Visitors Center<U+201D>
HW shutter button. FTW!
well.then have fun with that,ha
Stepping out of my grilled chicken comfort zone. Attempting to be a chef tonight.
well try to find the door, then walk out and WALLA!! your OUT...
A referral a day keeps the doctor away ;-)
Performances getting underway at Capitol rally ... Revving up crowd w/ now- familiar tune: This is what democracy looks like
I'm the ghost with the most, babe.
A McGee vs Hill match up? Must see tv
you did great last night, back here in Md I've been reading the news and reading the papers.. People in md are rooting 4ya!
Thank you so much for coming out, great seeing you as always!
I was watching it earlier. It's been on all day. I'm chilling though.
why nobody followed ? :( ( please follow her, she means a lot to me<U+2665>
yay no school tomorrow!
We just saw a dog that looked like Jack Franklin. Just wanted you to know.
LOL Don't get lost Mary!! drive to Dyker Heights/Bensonhurst.
I seent u shining tho. No more poon for u!
Heading back to America soon!
it's great to have supporters like you! Thank you so much!
you tweet to much
trust me, I missed it purposely.
Thanks SandyRT: #followfriday the fantastic summer interns of : & Thanks for all you do!
I was born in the 90s, I grew up listening to Nickelback songs (unfortunately), son.
Obviously I'm over-simplifying a complex topic. But romantic love was seen as subordinate to economic considerations.
Hows everyone doing to day?
agreed!!! But I'm not one of them!!! It's not all of #BullsFam it's the dick riders that jumped on the wagon a month ago!!
oh my gosh.. i need to buy kennedy's shirt they better not sell out in 5 minutes.
Hey! I don't do hugs! Leave me out of this! *shakes fist*
Excited to work with a great publication at The Gourmet Experience! Visit their website at www.diningout.com/sandiego.
Would twitter stop telling me to follow James Corden. I have no desire to do such a thing !
"All men by nature desire knowledge"--Aristotle
Just heard a great term at #atsummit: "acronymia". Be afraid, be very afraid.
Wow, this Bruce Willis track is a HEATER.
Would love that! #NYC was awesome! Next week is crazy for me, how about the following week? Wed/Thursday?
mine is ji hoo!!! I will forever love him. And u?
o_o ignorant person is ignorant.
I've done quite a few over the past few years
I'm not a fan of the NO Saints, but I think it's outrageous they haven't given Drew Brees whatever contract he wants
People can come up with statistics to prove anything. 34% of people know that.
I enjoyed watching u get your dance on this AM while watching , my legacy to , perform on the 1 & 2s.
Thanks so much!
haha. if I'm feeling particularly self-hating I'll eat a slice
Been to quite a few. When I lived in WV & visited in the summer, used to see Bluefield a lot.
that's what up, what it look like?
:D And she threatened to whack Harry with her buttersock because of his fakingness so that was awesome
I hate az. Hoping to move back one of these years. Lol
Very excited for the 3rd Annual Women's Leadership Luncheon - great to see so many women at a tech conference!
I tried the C. It didn't take. I'll try again.
I know you love putting sweetener in your coffee, have you ever tried ? Its natural and 0 calories, try it!
I love to see my ppl doing good things mane
Then they'll vote on , , and plans this afternoon.
good mighty (: grettings from BOLIVIA
my detective work begins tomorrow
Positive thinking without positive action gets you positively nothing
hahhah! so uhh...since when does alex have a girlfriend..?
I'm so going!
Next weekend better not go by so fast
weird...keep gaining followers but numbers don't go up!
I'm always up for a chat. Hmu
#harrypotter stole my heart!! 10 years since this series began, my heart is breaking now that it is finally over! What a epic end!
February is national cherry month. Do you like a cherry on your Chick-fil-A Milkshake?
There<U+2019>s no point in trying to summarize Inferno, because it<U+2019>s a book written against summaries. It<U+2019>s an anti-summary. The author of
Thank you Bob! It's such a blessing to have friends who will walk through these challenges with us.
enjoying the music this AM!! Thanks!!
RT : Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
The USA looked so better in the second half of that game. USA 2 - Turkey 1. Great game guys!!!
Have a great evening everyone. Hope your Tuesday rocks!
why can't we fit into #jcrew #crewcuts? It is a) cheaper and b) cuter.
God the Giants are bad on defense.
its been time girl!
Person you marry (and/or have children w/) <---most important decision of your life
WHEN ARE YOU COMMING TO CHICAGO?<3
Sex toys.
Look at me I'm tattooed like a bitch with a case on my arm and some cash on my dick...pretty boys Ima smash with m clique
So JP Morgan has managed to lose over 2 billion dollars in bad investments. Listed as one of their top buys was the Brooklyn Bridge.
New Brush Set is ordered!
suree and its my moms lol
": wow .. Smh! You use to hit my cousin cousin also & caitlyn!" Hahaha ok I lied only if they deserved it
Specific lyrics please!
i miss you too lady !!
yes! i never felt like taking it down and now im just like- he is part of my wall now i cant take it down
We have the most beautiful Honeys in town! Hitting the stage and ready for YOU! Come get $5 U Call It all night!!!
hella yelled at her today. said something in the end that i regret though. but shit, i'm sick of what you do to her !!
There's just that point in time when you get sick of the bullshit.
'This isn't right,' say kin of man killed by Meriden police - Meriden Record-Journal
aw Baylee. You're too funny!
Thanks !! Sounds like you are enjoying our app!! If so, keep shouting out
Oh yes, Happy Irish Day! I dislike St. Patrick personally but I take any opportunity to celebrate my people.
I have no idea how I hit the "p"
About to visit a school with no library. I will be the kids' 1st author. So glad my illustrator will be joining!
so i guess it wouldve helped if i wasnt late lol.
<U+201C>: #DOGS!! RT : who's coming to the #SpringGame tomorrow at noon?<U+201D> I got a dogs blanket waiting 4 u this time <U+0001F3C8><U+0001F4A4>
Yeah. I was rooting for the hillbillies too.
Yeah you may be good looking, but you're not a piece of art.
The new Facebook sucks!! Google plus here I come :))
good look fam. Y'all txt me next time. N ill def be online. Good look again
Wait....I was just kidding
How many seniors are actually renting at the Seagull June 1st - 3rd? Too bad I'm so down (y) RT this
That, or my only clean cup in the house
We out hea in Louisiana pushing so get yo copy of Mr.Mysta "Verbal Finesse Vol 1"!!!
not sure on end time..... like 11 i'd say?! we're headlining the live music bit but if u wanna stay on and pardee theres djs after
Yes, finishing heart-shaped ravioli w/truffles & wine. Hugs to you both.
<U+201C>: - You were right! Monday's story was even better! Thanks and the #KGWNightTeam.<U+201D> you're welcome Sean
": I like being high cause it's a better view" more enjoyable parties
Contagion Look Decent Doe.. Ima Try & See It
NOW<U+201C>: When will return to twitter man :-(<U+201D>
lol cool story bro...tell it again:)))
in the morning - Greyhound
I don't like to stereotype, but 4th graders are really, really, really loud on the bus.
Did 9 miles with today since I had to work yesterday. Last 1.5 miles were tough but we did it! no for yoga.
It's Friday!
FEED ME OMFG.
John Duthie leaves his position with the EPT having grown beyond what many could have expected
And we're on 20 years in a row where Steven Tyler fails in writing Mothers Day lyrics that rhymes with his mandatory "toss of the dice" line
The only thing I carry in my book bag is a note book and a pen.
I wish twitter would let you know who unfollowed you!
Korean is so hard :(
#niallhoranisbeautiful #NiallisGorgeous these should be trending everyday ! why does he have insecurities he is FLAWLESS
Seriously funny!!!
will be closed for Christmas Eve & Christmas Day & New Year's Day
Lol, that's quite a lunch! Where is the FOOD?! I love , they are SO accommodating to my special requests.
You would lol
My big brother Scott will be on the TWC Sports 32 roundtable tonight, talking about the #Brewers anemic offense and how to turn it around!
Just auditioned for Allegra commercial.
Terrible rain/cold conditions.
Don't forget about Rib Week starting October 10th!
Thanks to all who supported our tweet regarding free tax prep in Chula Vista tomorrow! Have a great weekend!
:) have a goodnight
Ah, Muir Woods is one of my favoritest places in the world.
Any woman i deal with has to understand that at any given moment I can be a full time dad..she has to be ready to deal with that. Can she?
Check out the Twitter page -- it's like one long autoresponder. Is there a REAL HUMAN in there somewhere?
Great book talk today Thanks to everyone who came!
Minnetonka moves onto the semifinals. Defeating Eagan by a score of 4-1.
Lol better than writing a research paper.
If today is a day you honor, honor the reason everyday, If u visit a church don't make it ur once a year quota....
Thanks for the FF!
And what a beautiful path that can be....RT : The path 2 the Divine is just the distance from our head 2 our heart!
Sveum hire = Ricketts going to overpay for Prince Fielder. Wait for it.
#Echelon3000 tonight !! We turnin up for Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night ! Come!
I'm going to water board a woman into marriage.
Just saw off my buddies from Montreal! Great fashion show last night @ FANSHOES world cup country fan shoes launch! Look for the products!
Y FUCK WIT A BROKE BITCH. SHE CANT BUY ME NUTHN... ALWAYS GOT HER HAND OUT
Find us on Facebook at facebook/arizonahousepainters to enter to win an Ipad!
lol you ugly
THE BIGGEST STUPID HOE AWARD GOES TO......
Final day of #exhibitor2012 show floor, ready, set, go! Stop by and say hi to the BoothTag team and at booth 1571
Oh and the lineup blows
Anyone want to play some basketball this afternoon at klotschke?
Now watching
Thanks for tweeting #EVN12 --interesting topics covered!
Congratulations to !!
well alright enjoy! Tell me how you like the movie afterwards!
Saw a ladybug, does that mean good luck? Ah
I'm a highlighter. Your a crayon. You may color the world, But I make it brighter.
Ditto-- Thanks for the tweet!
Thanks to for this past friday and to everyone that came out! What a great time, with great beer! !
Off to a meeting. Have a fabulous day!
It hauls toes? Or did you mean tow truck?:-)
THAT'S SO BAD! Kick them back!
Commission is recessing till 12;45.
I'll be jealous if you have it in Hattiesburg for the weekend. I might not have mine in time, but it'll be waiting for me
u got mad skills
On This Day: May 12, 1780, Charleston, South Carolina fell to British forces.
yeah. It was. Only things I disliked were that the original joker died and the batman was not good.
Messy hair today and I'm not going to do nothing about it. (;
since when does a person shot another person than kill themseleves and the incident doesnt get investigated? hm
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone Have a great day! :D
You know... I bet roadkill meat is really tender.
"Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb ... It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day." - Barbara De Angelis
RT _ThaGreat34 forreal but still i can show u how to get dis money without ah deal
#TMI that's just too much information. I can't even deal with it. Its too much Lmbooooo
Don't get mad when a girl cares too much. Worry when she starts to not give a shit.
Job perk: I just went through my fragrances and organized them. Now I smell like orange blossoms!
Nice! My son's Yoda's been around awhile. He even has a broken hand.
Studio booked next Saturday for an acoustic song or two.
yeah! -smiles and gets into the elevator-
The Indians just can't seem to get anything going this afternoon.
Stop by and try a Hungarian or Smoked Garlic Sausage!
We need to put educators in congress and the oval office, not lawyers
I'm glad you liked how the story turned out. Good luck tomorrow.
Hope your lasik went well!
Hey #wcmia - anyone have questions about Responsive Web Design that they want answered in my presentation #RWD talk tomorrow?
The leftovers are still kicking, so: I am thankful to live in a place that accepts art in the margins. Here's to realizing dreams every day.
Calling all mopeds too
woah thts weird we like tweeted it at the same time too!
If I had a $ for everytime someone asked me if I was Indian, Pakistani, or any of those countries, I'd have a nice little nestegg by now.
Party Tomorrow >>>
thank you so much. It is a pleasure following you.
MTV's Musical March Madness: Green Day Vs. Paramore For The Title!
Just saw Metta's elbow....smh
meaning, did he set that twitter account up. There are no details connected to it.
the convo we had on the phone last night = halirious!
Me to. I'm excited to work out outside at 6pm for booty camp! Ha I just want to lay out at the park, the sun is so nice!
Im chilln in da benz dealership tryn to get a job. One day ill be able to buy me one.
Goodnight twitter :D
If The Game Aint Money Then I Aint Playing...
Grateful for my red sea fam in p-town, the time I spent serving Jesus with them, and their support in the planting of freedom in bmore!
Told me to put that.
Everyone who is not eating this potato salad I just made is missing out.
Thanks, Ashley! It was a lot of fun talking with you all at Rutger's. RT You were awesome!
Just bought a pair of jeans from the rack for 4 dollars. There is a god..
Wow, really? Kickoff starts this late? I always assumed it was much earlier....
Boba Fett dances in Kinect Star Wars. We NEED to get this game canceled.
RT : Yeah, I'm pretty damn proud, of where I come from. -Montgomery Gentry
#SomeFactsAboutMe never drank, never did drugs, never smoked..plan on keeping it that why
And if R. Kelly goes to jail, I'LL PISS ON YO' CAT!!!
can someone tell me please how i can watch TheLyingGame online for free?
So tired <U+0001F61E>
Mike Ragogna: Kevin Rudolf&#39;s HuffPost Exclusive EPK, Plus Conversations with LP, Miguel, Chuck Mead and the Hard Rock ...
inadvertent whistle inexplicable at that point. Whistle didn't blow til he was gone. Ref who "blew" it shld be fired
Love that it's on vimeo. I'll definitely watch it this weekend. I mean... I do have an animated history with cruise ships. =P
yum. Hoping the spicy gets baby Cohen on his way to this world.
no volume on the website while is talking.
they were all my ideas your just acting too fast lmao
Yes. 1346 Belmont (@ Southport). email me whenever you would like to swing by.
I followed her. (;
So so so much. x.x;; But it's all good. I got to see the twins and male vocalist from Cruxshadows and the Ghost Hunter guys.
Hope everybody is having a nice weekend!
Contrary to presentation, Florida & Caribbean Chapter has not adopted Wordpress. Still using custom CMS.
Return of the HIT SQUAD show feb 24th NYC best buy theater!!!!
I'm not saying I'm the best but I promise with the right tools ill be one of the greatest! Let's get it! God bless
Fun!! I'm sure you'll have a great time in #Vegas!!
Pretty stoked for the utility fog in 2039
Rockin the Placido Domingo today. Great to talk with last night, chillin with at ...the aqua... tonight.
I really hate It makes absolutely no sense. The least they could do was TRY and relate it to the team. Lazy bastards.
Peter Bourjos is exactly what the #Nationals need right now. Big jump in fantasy value also if he is traded to the Nats.
Hey! Add me on skype :) Rodzvieira
I doubt it!! Me, and all the #CrazyCougars can get pretty out of hand!!
RT : "I don't care much for apologies." #housemd Admissions comes before apologies, which makes a huge difference in accepting...
This class bores me -__-
High, drunk, and I don't even know . Ah, fuck me .
It takes a REAL MAN to understand that his woman is also a priority when the relationship is serious. She is not "Just anyone" anymore
Thank God my link started working again!!!!
well played, you two.
Was telling a story about My fav 15yo in world says "is that the young guy with the cheek bones?" yes, yes it is.
CEO concerns about measures, inconsistent by project, not connected to the business goals
:/ school in the morn! Cant believe I dont get a summer break! Smh
On behalf of psycho94, jinx tweets :We've got a rare item "Tin robot" on the way of Adventure. heehaw
#cuse v #uconn in the early game tomorrow. They should finish before midnight
Morgan u silly
#Joyce letters give a mindset and literary history of the time. In his own literature, Joyce is autobiographical. Letters expand upon that.
Looks like on of those 90s #Bulls vs #Jazz blowout finals games. (#Lakers @ #Thunder #Game1)
At a babe Reynolds !!!
well it's way better than Germany... Thank God i'm going home in a week
I think we can all agree that the woman clipping her nails on the airplane is a sociopath
Thank you so much for sharing! We love to see that you're seeing us in the community! Way to #LiveUnited, have a great day!
Props to NY for setting a positive example! This is indeed what it means to be All-American - #marriageequality FTW!
I'll keep you posted.
I like dogs
charged for a bracelet I have not received and it cannot be tracked!
I also went to bouncing bears today and an 8 yr old jumped up and hit me in the eye with his head I hope I dnt get a black eye
Checking out the Photoshop #CS6 beta today along with video reviews. Although I use this program every day, its capabilities still amaze me.
Will you quit hiding like a fucking puss? Stop making different accounts to bully people who could care less about you.
RT Happy Saturday
yup ill try
thanks for following great blog!
Some of my best thinking is done by others. - John C Maxwell
I'm catching Thrones free online :&
Later I got some songs to post up on reverbnation. That's right bitch, and you'll like it cuz Stone Cold said so hoe
Wow, don't think it could be done. RT : Today in 1966, Pet Sounds and Blonde on Blonde both released. Hard to top that.
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 8 pounds so far.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! MAHOMIES LOVE YOU!!<3 to celebrate this special time you should upload the rest (c)
Hey ck out my new web page info about me and my prices for readings and clearings. Find me at www.jacquebowling.com
While #lucidending may have died today, Hallmark has dozens of cheesy and thoughtless statements for their Sympathy section
<U+201C>: I need someone who i can text about anything and everything ok lul<U+201D> oh pick me pick me ;D !!! Xx
I'm the worst Mexican ever and I know there's cheese in a quesadilla
Life would suck with out yu babe :)
I know the Phoenix area well also. The contrasts between haves and have nots is staggering.
no, but your mom sucked mine last night.
New Driver's License in the mail. And a birthday card from Grandma that I can't open until next week. So much sadness.
thanks, have always enjoyed collaborating with artists (& you are one of my best results!)
I NEED A CHILLEN BUDDY. I BE SO BORED. I JUST DO SHIT ON MY OWN AND WITH MY RIGHTHAND WHEN SHE IS AROUND.
Gonna party at the pool!
but not our intern's aunt?
That awkward moment when you find out your friend is dating your ex
GAME 4 TONIGHT IN #SMASHVILLE!! LET'S GO !!!!!!
Coming soon to a dock near you!
HA! <U+201C>: Mac: I hope Tim Miles knows the proper colors to wear when we play North Dakota State.<U+201D>
idk what happened, but I just got this tweet lol I'm sorry
Congratulations Chris ! Stay humble.
Oh, gosh, my stomach just made a noise that sounded remarkably like thunder. Really looking forward to eating people food again.
We'll see. I've been keeping photos and notes as I go. If this whole indoor garden thing works like I want, I'll do the blog.
RT : #FF - thanks for the #unstoppable support
I just found my wife's g-spot. Turns out its at the bottom of my wallet.
Are you in Green Bay for camp with the Packers???
#Yankees with an amazing comeback at Fenway!
truth, Where is the big and tall section, little people?
Technical difficulties please stand by. Meeting should start momentarily.
Rest in peace Ben Koier, such an amazing person. You always taught me to live life to the fullest and stay true to me. Love you bud.
I hope you're going to poke your head in on Thursday and Friday.
totally going for 2 layers of cashmere tomorrow
"People asking me, how do I know what I believe? Well I'm not the same me."
let go kevin harvick it my birthday get a win for me on sunday
When a client successfully lands the job, they return for another week<U+2019>s worth of business-appropriates donated by supporters.
I see you and it warms my heart <U+2764>
Well, you know it's close to #gswedding time when I change my Twitter username to Feels pretty official now
<<<< is sexually fustrated :-/
Long Beach St? Really? Nice job Pitt.
I WANT TO FOLLOW SHAMI'S GAL PAL BUT MY FOLLOWING LIMIT IS UP. DUDE. LET ME SHIP THEM.
No kidding. We could be the home of start-up CEOS and potty humor
I FEEL SO HONORED. LIKE I'M SERIOUSLY CRYING.
Happy Birthday Dude!
freshbooks and unfuddle are my daily staples man...
that's to early
Fantastic, thanks!
I'm jelous of the people who look good in ANY picture! Im always trying to get the perfect lighting, the right smile, etc & It takes houurs.
Blah! You love me.
Once we hit 1000 twitter followers, we are going to offer free shipping AND 50% off for 24 hours to celebrate! Get your friends to follow!
We just signed up for the Arts Midwest Conference in Minneapolis on September 7, 2011. We hope to see you there!
still on for coffee tomorrow?
haha that is so true.
hi lynn am good thanks for asking....had a stent put in my heart and feel so much better...how are you my friend?
U can be the King (Boss) all damn day but when U don't understand Ppls emotions & Politics U R setting Ur self up 2 get served cyanide soup
I am quite new to twitter. I have about 500 followers in my field. I think my tweets are useful. But have to ask: Is anybody reading them?
Roly-poly little bat faced girl is the hardest anyone's ever come in a lyric sorry
New This Week | Four new jobs and two new grants. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
yes! talking to you just now made me so excited!
Let's make Rock The Ink a trending topic! Only one month until Rock The Ink!!!! So let's make this final month count!
Like I said. It's all about the second half with Kansas. UK has to find its shot
Barry trunk is my soulmate but he is running from me because i hurt him unintentionally over hurting inside from abuse i pushed him away
Justin Wong is gonna win in #SFXT at #SXSW!
Oh sh#t he f#cked his knee up
Strategy meeting last night with and Colin Killalea. Went over tunes for our Fri. recording session for the Blue J. album.
I was impressed she could turn the tube out of a block of wood. I forget the name of the early maker she copied. I'll ask her dad.
Got my first taste of today. So delicious! I'm going to need another box by tomorrow.
Enjoying beautiful Los Angeles- what a beautiful place. Can't wait to work with the new producer of TV Show. :)
thanks :) but I took them with some girl I'm tryna find her -.- lol
#nercomp Cost, accessibility, usability, effectiveness for tools for udl
Stop by and register to win a free Rad1 digital x-ray system at WVC 2012 in Las Vegas! We will be at booth 777 from 2/19 - 2/23!
In honor of President's Day, did you know that every U.S. President has stayed in our Presidential Suite?
nice egg picture. its hot
My 16th birthday has always been something I dreamed about...
Take a look around. Tears from they eyes, knees on the ground. Money in the sky, take a look around.
<U+201C>: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling.<U+201D> u guys :)
everytime i hear Boyfriend on the radio I get hyper as fuck lol cant wait for the video. i love u
Happy Monday! Looking for something good for lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef for $8.50!
FAIL = (F)irst (A)ttempt (I)n (L)earning
I'm seeing pictures of the new Man Utd jerseys on my TL . Has someone from The Bay City Rollers designed these ? #TartanReally?
We love more followers!
Nah. Lion's great. I was just grousing.
If you're looking for North Parks best Raggae, it's happening tonight at
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing.
If you have a chicken who is into any kind of philosophy, most likely they're going to be an eggistentialist. -My husband
thanks for the follow... Site will be live soon... Looking or models!
obviously "morning". :)
People shouldn't use work Outlook for personal stuff. Someone has a "Hair Removal" appt tonight at 8pm. I don't even wanna know.
Thanks for following back! And thanks to all of our new followers!
I wish a nigga wood like a tree n this bitch
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing custom homes throughout San Antonio TX.
I gues I thnk that pt advocacy is an essential part of a nurse's job
After 8 mins of action, who had Hasheem Thabeet as the #Blazer to have their only 2 FG's?? Not this guy!
Pics or it didn't happen.
Blasting on the car on the way to softball practice then movies with bff Ciara!
god!! maybe ill be able to see you in the hallways next year.(:
DON'T FORGET:Auditions tonight for #Neighborhood3 , 6pm at #DesMoinesSocialClub , see you there!
It seems #Junior Seaus' girlfriend was with him or just found him when he shot himself...they have released the 911 call she made...so sad:(
. Hope everyone can come down to Union Sq on Sunday afternoon for the H.L. Mencken open house!
I THOUGHT THAT WENT IN...
RT : "Every politician should want more freedom than they themselves have" -
Only on camera......I am ME!
Why is everybody yelling!!
Fun night tonight <U+0001F44D><U+2764><U+0001F601><U+0001F3B1>
Your girlfriend is gorgeous & loyal, why flirt w/ other bitches ? Its like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Going to STL to see family, watch both the and , and enjoy some beer! Great STL weekend of fun!
im god. He wouldn't want you to do that ether
. Awesome Win, Highlights and reaction at 11 #GoHawks!
thanks for the follow, business of books, mom!
ok cool I'm still waiting on the track for the last one.....
- a quote by Ian Bowman from just now.
Evidence of a fashion faux pas: you see a model on TV out of your peripheral vision, and you mistake her outfit for a Bob's Big Boy costume.
Moving: check. Two projects wrapped: check. Summer gigs: check. Heading to China: double check. See you in 10 days!
please. please follow me
Smh now go to bed
YES! I get that way too. Oh so fucking great. It's like he's almost weeping.
sure thing! I start next Monday, just FYI. I'll definitely keep y'all posted.
In about 4 hours the career of RG3 will be over. Smh.
People have two seconds to get my attention or it's cast into the "to do later" folder! LOL. I can see why people hire agents...
I love you too. <3
Pure bliss <U+0001F48B>
You are the leader that we need in place. We know you will make us proud and find a leader on and off the field. WPS.
Life is short,live it. Love is rare,grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it
Dont worry, be happy
I believe outing people is morally wrong. But sometimes I just want to whine at public figures to just please get a move on.
I have way too many fliers on my coffee table, in my purse and backpack, and on my fridge.
Another beautiful Florock Monday!
Turn on my old phone and theres all our old convos :)
Goodnite tweeters. Sweet dreams
People come and people go...people also pass out while having anal sex...
dude I was there in spirit repping
Local is 15+ min latte opening today. No sign of anyone. Guess I'll have to find somewhere else to get my haircut today. Bummer!
GET IT GIRL! That's gonna be a sick show! Now I wish I still lived in San Diego!
leave me alone you stalk my life
Ok They Are Your Babies Except MY Nicholicious And Vinny.
god . we need to start hanging out like you live so close to mee! and yu act like i got coodies or something lol
maybe playing in the nba playoffs would be better right?
Me too! I feel like I have cool friends already! :)
its gone be a crucial week!!
It's hard to be an "artist", either ppl take every word you say & misconstrue, or they don't take what u say seriously..it's a lonely life.
Quit fucking saying YOLO damn , give that shit a break ..
...greetings from #Alaska. Thanx for including me in today's shout! Happy Monday.
I see London, I see China ...
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 90
About to head to my gig :)!
I like the way you think, sir ;-)
I thought mine was food-based, but I can't keep anything down, even hours later. Think I might have a buggie.
RT : We've been spendin most our lives livin in a Bacon paradise (via )
I am going to post it on my Facebook page :)
Getting weird flashbacks to The Newsroom all of a sudden. I better track down a bran muffin.
heard r kelly's "step in the name of love" at the bank today--seemed a little risque for pnc, but i appreciated it.
The first Sat in May = Derby Day! Shouts to my peeps back in my Old Kentucky Home!
If you'd like your music to be featured on Fame Factor Radio email .uk
Still 77 here and back to 78 tomorrow!
mind must stay flexible like body older u r more u need to stretch= resist gravity's desire to compact vertebrae: mentally AND physically!
they should move there and be real niggas for once..they only were in ACC cuz its soft usually
i wanna dance, and love, and dance; again<3
RT : If you have #Autism or a child with #Autism but not in your Twtiter bio let me know so I can put you in my proper lists :)
The Blazers have to overpay somebody I guess. Rather him than JR Smith...is he a free agent next year?
Shout out to my cool god sister for real.
Using social media to promote mixed-use retail properties is our specialty. What is your specialty?
Needed: 1 #Brooklyn #Accent . Will trade voice boxes through June 20.
i be that pretty muthafucka eagle tuck is wat im reppin
The Bachelorette starts tomorrow* *My Monday nights are free again
Run Run!
what to do todayy
Don't see Chris Bosh being out hurting the Heat's chances. They just need a healthy LBJ flopping around for 3 quarters and Wade for the 4th.
I know, right?
Why is it so hard for people to recognize the damaging results of their own dumb actions? How complex is 2 + 2 = 4?
Just Wanted to say Good Morning #TPlush and we love you!!
Reading comics for science! ... I mean research...
I wonder why all the songs I'm listening to have a 'shawty' in some part of the song.
I have learned over the years to NOT show emotions. Bc 9 times outta 10 when you show you care people take it for granted.
Agirl doesnt feel perfect enough until a guy tell her tht she's perfect:))
#iDislikeItWhen people act like there all bad,when their obviously....NOT!!!!!
The Road to the 20th Anniversary Show: Trivia Question #6 Who used to play Bass in Red Letter Daze?
im bored...lol
I have LRW but I forget that the 1st episode is today.
Real talk I feel ya.
Who wants to be in my fan video for & ?(:
I <3 IT WHEN IT RAINS
I want it!! Let's go!!! Who is playing!!?
Taking care of business, friends. I'll be updating soon.
#naz2012 we live in the greatest country in the world--take advantage of it!-Robert Duffy
People can't find a woman/man that's worthy cuz they not putting in the correct amount of time to see what that individual is about
At the peds office with carter for his concussion follow up
yes it is working, nice butt!
<U+201C>: Trinity's Summer Research Program begins today. Looking forward to 10 weeks of undergraduate student awesomeness. #TU_SURP<U+201D>
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Flash mobs have their own show on Fox now.
This time they blogged flourish of manner
Oscar nominee David Strathairn will join Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of THE HEIRESS!
but they're oh so cute! I just wore one of mine today actually.
Back from Cooperstown and crossing my fingers. I think it went well, that's good, right?
Two dozen more slides AND a group exercise all to be done by 4:00? Good luck to us all.
solar energy?
OMG YESS! JUST GOT MY APPOINTMENT THROUGH TO HAVE MY OPERATION AH SO HAPPY BUT YET NERVOUS! :P
Alright just let me know when
New Dexter on Sunday!
Mm I want some
Yess I can't stand all that yelling and bullshit over the whole damn mixtape...LOL
. at the Green Turtle and there's a crew of Avon ladies with a table in the lobby. Thought you should know :)
#Oomf Owes Me Some Head
The tax credit is over but Interest Rates are still at a all time low so what are you waiting for Refinance, Buy a New Home or Take Cash Out
ill be the first one watchin it...hahha...luv ya..
Why am so tired? Oh well, nap time <U+270C>
Going 0-8 at the plate but finish as winning pitcher, I'm guessing that would be a first (since 1900)...
#PopularInThe90s The painful tumult of adolescence and also slap bracelets!!!
me too. i don't think i slept long enough to dream. went to bed at 5:30am. tonight, let's tho it.
yes! We've been giving at least one out every year for the past 8 years, I believe. This year's winner is from Grants HS.
welcome home! LA missed you!
now accepting gas money donations and iced coffees- im easy to please
hows your day? :D
I wish I could remember who was interviewed on NPR (On Point or On the Media) a few years ago explaining that EULAs/TOSs...
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 19
Woke up from dreaming this morning thinking I was on my way to the beach! Reality can be so cruel sometimes.
I am at work :) what are u doing ?
6000 Tweet Goes To.... Don't want to break your heart But Let me give your heart a break Stop tryna smile away your hurt
fransisco....if you wanna say somthin about me and you dont even know my name......then suck it up and meet me in the alley on mon.
is that what the song's called? It just sounded weird over Japanese landscapes
Seriously, if your commercial is severely louder than the show that i'm watching, I am NEVER buying your product. Ooh, a dog snuggie!? SOLD!
<U+201C>A man in a three-piece suit with an elegant tie, a pocket square, a close shave, and his hair done feels very confident.<U+201D> -Adrien Brody
Special Slice: Sun dried tomato and basil pesto, grilled zucchini, red onion and house cheese.
you were thinkin the same thing
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! -- Rob Jenkins ()
But I did bowl a 168 while intoxicated, I still got it. League anyone?.
Mixed emotions right now
love your concept! heads up for an email I just sent your way. "Education is all a matter of building bridges." - Ralph Ellison
and then he starts "singing"
You're welcome! :) And haha, why? RT <U+201C>: thnx 4 the follow and ur so lucky<U+201D>
unicorns or narwhals?
Abandoned car
But knowing what you don't want can be just as important as knowing what you do, right?
Wen u on that thick life everyone real nicee
Still not sick of call me maybe
Excited for A B & The Sea / Tommy & The High Pilots / Yellow Red Sparks TONIGHT! First 200 get a FREE copy of A B & the Sea's new CD!
Happy Mother's Day, I love you momma<3 Your the best!
Been listening to punk rock all day. I feel like a arrogant 14 year old with stupid hair all over again.
i love this so much listen to my new cd my parents got me the one thing cd of 1direction aaaahhhhh i lovve it so much <3333333
juss work music and being a daddy lol
hello:D
RT : "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. " ~Einstein
What a great group! So excited
-___- you know before the ;*
confused bout what? i mean i don't need nudes. I mean having a friend to talk to is good. u having man issues or friend issues?
Yes Bitches, Miley owns 2012 :)
Matt, i think the new iPad does not offer enough to compel me to leave my iPad2. Photo and graphics people will enjoy it.
take it easy on the jello shots
Roasting jalapenos from the garden for a spicy chocolate stout truffle! Very Excited!
sounds like a recipe for trouble.
absolutely, amen to that. :)
Haha, that just made me chuckle.
American Airlines Labor Protest
I like your #ThingsIGottaTeachMySon tweets<U+0001F601>
dont be I love you just the way you are!
is having open practice at DKR tomorrow at 2. Anyone up for going?
Unless I could find a girl who will go with me to every were
Thanks for letting us use your space for the iOS classes. It was great. I really like your space up there.
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
less arguing, more head.
Hey It's Tuesday February 7th and Our 5.99 Special of the Day is Pork Chops Dinner!
I HAVE JULESANITY!!;)
GUYS STFU OK. watch the billboards on sunday if justin's not with selena then it's over and if he is they're together OK SO SHUT UP. ~
If I was on Double Dare, I'd pick you to be my physical challenge.
Why don't they find they're own party offensive?!?!
"what's the matter with Jesus" lol
even though you probably won't see this i just wanted to say i think Pink Champagne is legit addicting<U+2665>
you're fine :)
Friday Friday, Gotta get down on Friday.
#FF - one more amazing YA writer to add: - the author of forthcoming Velveteen !
Bring the rock tonight, Mean Melin!
very cool!
Great #SXCustServ panel -- nicely focused, useful tips! Thanks, !
snotty nose... foggy lenses...
I thought that article was dope, too...
I'm pretty much over today.
no, not yet. Getting some breakfast first. I'll be at 9. See you there man! You'll love the speed networking event!
I love hicks
I cautioned my staff that there may be yelling and cheering coming out of my office as I tune in the Michigan game today.
Good morning people.
Will this Photoshop trial ever finish downloading?!?
RT : Revelations in mobile: Seoul - customers care about speed, network and phones according to #Olleh store manager
thanks for helping the planet :)
Im always watching ghost hunting shows
it was crazy at LAX tonight! Thought 12:30am would be quiet!
Ha. Sorry. I ate most of the jelly beans.
long day today. and gonna be tomorrow. goodnight!
Amen to that Teddy RT : One good half enuf for #northwestern to beat psu. How bout #illini on wed? Aint gonna cut it.
No you must be qualify for free roll through the tournament or drawing
I named my pillow pet after you <U+E105>
you're my life please follow me<3
Now available at Woodmans in Oak Creek! Pick up a 6 pack for the weekend!
Nothing better than Dairy Queen after practice. :)
I'm in it for the #Money #Power {&} #Respect and the
Hope you all have a great #Christmas! Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?
What would your mothers say?!
Thank you Kyra:)
I have 20 girlfriends Cthu but I didn't know wow
I've read it 17 times now lol now I have a paper on the feminine mistique
I do a ton of 3v3 FC. Great conditioning, allows developing players more open court and less pressure; greater learning.
morning ball?
#allday! Let's get drunk
Chargers at Oakland. Getter done!!!
Great to see again!
Leave. Like everyone else.
TIP: In a live game: Never look a your hand before its your turn. People WILL pick up on small tells you have, like wanting people to bet.
Yes Sir... Chuuuuch
Thank u for following back !
I got to ride in a crowded subway car with a woman changing her baby!
umm.. let me check!
Good Morning #DopeSwaggers :)
Julia Roberts is such a beautiful woman
seriously considering getting a crab cake for our wedding... #delish cc:
Too late. Besides she's "traditional", and I'd be hung out to dry otherwise ;-)
THURSDAYS || RT for that good ol' follow
My daughters teacher Jenny Johnson awarded her with a gold medal in her class and a letter of recommendation.
Men trip not on mountains, they trip on molehills ~ Chinese Proverbs
do you think it's weird that I constantly have "every little thing" on repeat? AskRyan (will you please follow me)
My jokes are like the Nicholas Tesla of tweets in the twitter community (Superior). Yet the hacks seem to come out on top like Thomas Edison
Getting ready to head down for the 3rd #VelocityDC w/ , & , are you?
Nope... Most workplaces have access, though, I think...
I'm tired of Florida being on the news for kids being murdered
Pounds of tattoo supply 4 Sale
I'm Rosa Parks'ing it right now
tell me why I wake up to a chicken every morning? bahahah...
far from it. spammers are automated feeds. I'm a real person that tries to add value on Twitter.
Is this for real? Man. Awful
lol you had me super excited hahahahaha
Thank you very much :)
WISH I HAD MY OWN PERSONAL BLUNT ROLLER RIGHT NW
In the never ending search for subject matter, I go back and forth between mythic and domestic. Possibly domestic mythology?
We just pushed out a revamp/new design of Judy's Book. Check it out and tell us what you think.
I haven't talked to you in FOREVER
Haha! I hear ya, #Painful2watch ": WTF is up with this? Minaj needs to go away. Truly bed time. #horrible #shameful"
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
The only bad part about living so close to work is that I have no excuse to not show up when there is 6 inches of snow on the ground.
Looking like fools while eating at mcalisters.
Many thanks to the dedicated professionals and leaders in Columbia, MO. Had an inspiring three days doing 9 workshops for 1086 people.
Edited my review of "Wildflowers from Winter" Hope everyone likes!
Happy Monday #actors!
Today in South Side-the Slippery Rock Cheesesteak, with beer cheese and a wasabi radish mayo!
Hey hey I had a great 1st day of 6th grade hm ......... Very interesting to be in middle school
Ready for a day of Singapore math training!
Thanks so much! Happy to be here.
Presents arrived yesterday. Love the swag! Thanks Fox (and thank you too Didier Drogba)!
thanks - hope you had a great weekend
girl totally just caught me looking at her ass as she walked by me
that's why I stick to Assclowning as well
Haha! That sounds like a blast!
#TeamSpurs We drew a team (clippers) with no half-court offense in the second round?
Can't express how disappointed i m in the Yankees.
The stars are aligned!!! RT : Baseball is back and it's son1's birthday today. BINGO!
To my A/V Preservationist friends: Are you preserving in Uncompressed AVI or JPEG 2000 Motion (or H.264/AVC, other)?
i think imma have to take a road trip to little rock ark to see you again.. Thank god i have family out there lol
awwwee u followers r the best <3 u guys no homo
Our editor is probably loving that Ben Francisco home run. #gophils we guess?
So my flight 399 to SFO is now going to SJC, with a bus to SFO. I wish we could all just pay $10 more & have this never happen.
Baseball-Sabathia helps Yankees snap three-game losing skid - Chicago Tribune
RT : this weekend! I can't wait to meet the change agents!
of course, you were wearing orange, and looked fab, so it kind of gave you away. hahaaa! :))
Happy Happy Birthday to one of the true loves of my life!!!
Favorite liberal arts major buzzwords, go! Mine: palimpsest, simulacra, discourse. cc/
IT WAS FUCKING GOOD SEAT FOR JUST A REGULAR TICKET SKDJFKLASD IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW OMG
Nothing to be ashamed of! Thank you for sharing the Socks & Sandals Guy love!
Congrats to you and team on the SNAC Mellon funding! Fantastic!
who/ Wendy? good!
didn't they at least have to give him a shot at the complete game?
There you go, flauntin' your *literacy* again. *sigh*
2 things learned from making a library survey: how to make it better next time, be more transparent in general and with results.
I wish people would just leave me the fuck alone today
My name is Amy and I'm glad to be here! Have a nice day
hay wats up
Oh! Total shoutout to the parent of a kid that knew what Malley's Chocolates was. :D
I think this is the first (and last) time I've every watched MSNBC.
Truly missing my bed...<U+0001F61E>
Hungry. Bored. Sore.
best article i've ever read.
in less than 24 hours I'll be done <U+0001F601><U+0001F601><U+0001F601><U+0001F601>
In the States we have a 'do not call' registry.
Isn't it a cop out for Romney to file for an extension on his taxes? Even if it's his right to do so?
not since mid-April. .200 OBP will do that. He jacked that huge HR in game 1 against the Dodgers and zero since.
No, it's due midnight tonight, or so says the syllabus. Do you need until tomorrow?
Happy mothers day too !
I didn't unfollow you Lil homie. I don't run my own account but I'll follow you back.TO EVERY1. I DON'T RUN MY OWN ACCOUNT
no way my sis is 22!! haha but she still lives with us............ lol the tornado siren didn't go of here!!
Happy Monday!!! Hope everyone has a beautiful week!
- welcome to Boston!
steak knives
Look out for a new #OMGsocialmedia blog post tonight on #escaperoutes!
Both true and LOLworthy. Yet the interview (and book) is about, y'know, the iPhone. Damn elitist media/academic publishing.
S/O to my new followers
me. too. He's so perfect.
I feel so close to you right now, its a force field.(;
Don't worry, we've already got out mind on it too!
I hate the black people on twitter because they think theyre so cool and "nigga" and #teamtatted is so cool. It's stupid get a life losers
How have u been sweet lady?
M! Cheese (in Homer Simpson drooling voice) Yumm!
I'm in the H tonight bro RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
Been there in Summer, depends on if you don't mind humid-hot weather, I personally don't mind it. Universal will be a blast
i haven't received a daily roll up in two days...
THAT'S COOL!! I'd like to have Rims with this logo!
I'm so excited for the Adult Reading Challenge!
Messy mix of rain, freezing rain, sleet and snow for much of WI: 1-2" south, 2-4" central; 3-5" north. Roads look to become slick.
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 16
tonight was one of the best raw ever
You da token.
has a really solid fiction shortlist. Glad to see LIGHTNING RODS get some much deserved respect
I'm off today AND tomorrow! BOOM!! Unintentionally planned but much needed..the girls are driving me cray cray lately
GoodMorning!:-) Woke up to a hard, you know...
Save the date! April 6th. Latino night at Salute. When italian and peruvian cuisine will meet! Stay tuned!
I can't wait to see you!
You wanna talk about it? I'm up for some conversing...
it'll work, if there are more than 50 people willing.
yup. We are all here till Monday. Casey a few days more. Hit us up tomorrow
Even tho we ain't together he is still mine <3
ur amazing! i LOVE yuu.(; it would be amazing if u could follow me!! plzplzplz love u so much!.<333
NPR Music launched its long-awaited iPhone app today.
springtime in nyc so pretty:)
RT if your name is Julia
If I were I would consider a restraining order. Seems like smear machine Media Trackers tweets criticisms at him every 5 mins
not only am I covered in coffee stains, I now have copier ink all over my hands and on my coat.
My mom just barked at the bartender in the Dewar's lounge.. SMH!
Haha! Good choice, I love me some !
I hope the Vikings new stadium doesn't have a roof on it. Football is meant to be played in the elements not in a giant bubble.
just ordered my new drivers license
Eric Decker trending on twitter
hates my typewriter lol
Ron Kittle, 1987If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil
One more day!
BrownRiceFamily just won the "Battle of the Boroughs" representing Brooklyn. On to the next Boroughs.
Throwback jay-z montage on power 105 on the way to train, feelin good for this interview
in the crowd at Bulls vs Hornets.
Here's hoping he'll crawl back under some wet rocks now.
When I am delivering my very best, then that is when I feel successful.~ Art Fettig
Hi Dave, thanks for the follow. All the way.
For a communications school, needs to pick up the pace in this #commencement meeting.
over here in oakley still
Come on Clippers!
Ikea chocolate is good. I always posture on the chocolate
So much music only four hours to keep the people grooving....i gotta get some more spots to dj a all day party ....say 5 in the e ...
You HAVE to come and go on the ride - it is SO fun!
when I show him pictures of you, he starts talking to them and saying a bunch of weird stuff! Haha its cute! :p
Wow! Thanks for giving me an update, I'm no longer living in #Detroit but like to stay in-tune.
Was she up for re-election this year? If so, did anyone run against her?
I am! I'll see you there :) Show you what B-Town's all about!
Hey we missed you! So much fun up. Gonna come up again soon. PJBC is awesome
safe sledding tonight!
I'll bring my sharpie just in caae
I definitely will be bringing out the grill this weekend!
RT : Feeling nutty? The first 50 people to whisper <U+201C>go nuts<U+201D> receive a #free coconut!
thanks for kind words!
well hello there :-)
either I'm getting older or I'm getting whiter; I find myself thinking A Prairie Home Companion is funny much more often than I used to
A great place to start is with me for your home projects.
That would be...all the restaurants here.
#LivingSocial is getting addicting.... so many things I want to do!!!
Ensign Crusher does not crap! <U+201C>: Oh. My bad. It was a 3.9. I only crap bigger than that after a breakfast burrito. I regret the error.<U+201D>
Why does Chinese food taste better on cold, rainy nights?
This might be the worlds laziest twitter, 60 tweets in over 3 years?
testing today );
Sold out show with The Wombats at A&R Music Bar tonight! Hope to see you there!
I love the static in those pants, nice fashion expression indeed !
#irallstars Q. I <3 talking to faculty, but I have 5000. What do I do? Royster: new faculty orientation is useful, physics profs' vitae.
look around and wake up! Pretending were not it big trouble doesn't make the trouble go away
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes. Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics next show!
UH i think the whole of england is here in the US .....now i just need some up in here
Thanks! A great milestone. Next up: web sales!
GR/G calls a timeout with 2:29 remaining and still down a goal. Should be an exciting finish!
"just let me lay here in the sun...until my dream is done..."
Dubuque I full of bars and churches lol
Hey Twitter follow my sister
exactly. There is a story behind it. The history, the journey of Polivia...
Check with your local stores that carry costumes early to ensure you are able to get your costume
Yes. Yes, they would. I'm sorry.
You never wanna get too comfortable in one circle so always have another one
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the maximum possibility, and fight for your desires.
It's exam week! Know what that means? Half-off espresso shots at Mocha Joe's until Thursday! Good luck, friends.
Going to the career fair? A new job or internship might make you the perfect MyCSU blogger! E-mail us at .
Going crazy right now!!! Super Bowl Champions again baby!!! #4 Giants!
The fuck?! I'll kill him.
It's funny that it's socially acceptable to announce that you have to pee, but tell people you have to duke and they think yer gross.
WA is amazing! I'm going to college next fall :) shopping is waayyyyyy better than I expected! I miss seeing you in history :(
One minute Joel Ward is the hero, the next, the goat.
Down to the last blessed frame.
Thanks for the follow!
Lady A was amazing! Had a great time.
of course I keep a phone... Still the same number u had before
to the rescue. Hits a tough bank shot followed by a tough fade-away. lead with 44.5 seconds left in OT.
hit that legend and 3 stacks up it will do you good
Your so full of crap your eyes are brown lol
Miami ready
i hate to say it but it still hurts
TY for the follow! I'll enjoy getting to know you.
5pm, hurry up and get here, please...
my day was great! Work, not so much! Weird vibe at the club! You Vegas bound?
Ooh girl you know I'm tryin ;) RT "thank's mama! now it's your turn! you already got the mag cover!"
Thanks for the promo!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 22
What a douche.
LMAO,tell em I said, I DO WHAT I WANT!Lol
Just saw and it was amazing. I had several moments of tears but what a great love story based on a real couple!
Aw, that's unfair.
We're back: just in time for today's beautiful weather. Doesn't it make you want to begin planning your fall garden?
aw. valentine's.
El Dooque encourages all the LAtin ladies to "Tap-a-tio" (Bang a guy)
Yep. it was mine. 1 frame every 5 seconds, all day long. I'll have to edit though. #drydensocial 7000 pictures.
GM thanks for making the World GLOW with your message.
Aw shucks!
enjoy your weekend, it was so nice having you at Think!
All girls really want is someone to want them back
Yeah, unfortunately it works much like fb in that sense. Totally sucks. That's why photographers don't want their pics up there.
sell a few of my SILK SCARVES
Let us get ready. Start to clear your throats for your favorite team, because pretty soon, the whole country will hear "Play Ball." [1945]
If ANY of them die... I am NOT watching the next season.
I'm hearing it in the house tonight!!! She was fantastic in Act I!!!
Congrats on your acceptances. I can give you the skinny on UofL stuff as soon as its official. Best of luck with your other apps. T.
Just came out if Hebrew! So hard! Good for the brain! Keeping it alive, my little grey cells!!! Lol
#Pollard underrated beast
haha, I didn't. Who's your friend though?
We all used Huggies at one point of our life. xD
exactly. I had my key in my pocket this morning, and now I don't. Not very happy
welcome aboard!
Be a part of history; write in Adrian M. Fenty!
hey, Happy Birthday!
I wanna go when y'all go watch <U+0001F601>
You need a pro for that. Good luck!
Look im about to take a picture of you and the cops chasing- punkd lol
Follow for economic development consulting & for a one-of-a-kind online tool to calculate the cost to do business in Ohio!
Always keep your head up. The answer to your problems isn't going to be on the ground.
The Sheffield getting some love from Selling New York. I would love to see the returns for Fortress on that deal.
I hope so too!
Blessed, And Highly Favored! <U+0001F64F><U+0001F64F><U+0001F64F>
<U+201C>: Yep we're having a liquid lunch<U+201D> I'm jealous
: Ladies. Walking around the parking lot for 15 mins during lunch isn't going to make up for that tray of brownie bites. Preach it.
Someone on FB just ripped on a proverb he clearly interpreted incorrectly. I can't handle these people sometimes.
RT ": I love Wolf Blitzer but why is he shouting? It's like getting election results from the Town Crier"
tonight. Excited for the Menken score.
Pretty sure that urine smell isn't me.
Are you a girl? And you have a "small ass" ? I have a solution for you.!
Best ski tuner in Seattle, that guy. And mighty good skier too.
You know you're a parent when you're counting to yourself, and you still go "ah ah ah" after each number.
Those judges are FUCKING stupid ass cunts.
Last person to leave. Fantastic
I was elected by 700 votes but govern like I had landslide. I have 8 years and will make most of it. Mayor Reed Atlanta.
ayee! I know you're kinda crazy about the song "Be Like You" & I was wondering if you'd wanna see my cover for it? :D
Don't. Care. About. The. NFL. Draft.
Back in Half Price Land!! Looking forward to an action packed and fun filled footy year!!!
No good mornings mentions make me feel to say a bad word or cuss for the year
#MUSICNEWS When I first listened to 'I Got Time' by Domino Go, I knew their music was something to get excited about. With an abundance o
He says he loves you now but when you say your pregnant. Bitch fuck you i never loved you, you was just a hit and run.
My mom babys the shit out of my brother and she expects me to do the same.
I'll admit, I don't know what rock <ahem IE6> I've been living under. But I am LOVING Google Chrome with all the cool integration and apps!
Sure. I have never seen that strict of a comment spam filter on a public site.
Worth every minute of the two hour wait <U+201C>: I'm at Frontera Grill & Topolobampo (445 N Clark St, at W Illinois St, Chicago)"
Does anyone else have a strange addiction to reading #groupon discussions? Just me?
I'll knock some hoes out at work, already told 3broads off
It looks like we will be offering #FREEBLOODGLUCOSEMACHINES and testing strips at $15/box of 50!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning ...I don't run that much....
#whosgonnalose - Miami at Tennessee - Miami will lose
he tries way to hard to debate the other side of the story. Sometimes you just gotta agree with people
A cheeseburger happy meal with fries and a Sprite at McDonalds has 640 calories and 24 grams of fat.
Im so bored Im scrolling up on twitter even though I've been out of stories for like 3 minutes.
Sweet RT : We really had a good brick with and his nutrition was spot on.
Looks like Foster's tonight ! M and grilling out !!1 what a life
chillin' out max and relaxing all cool...
does rick ross know what happened to juniour seau?
All-day severe weather spotter training with some big names experts. Joplin F5 is case study. Learning so much.
hahah I know! I havent been around!
I think more and more people are shying away from "sleeves" in favor of integrated covers. Can we expect an Ugmonk version soon?
I'm in a time out. Because, apparently riding the dog like it's a small horse is FROWNED UPON IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT.
Todd - drink a little liquid courage and then get out there and network! RYP is the best place to learn how to ntwrk!
Happy 50th Anniversary of the '62 World's Fair ! Looking forward to seeing all the new improvements!
Is the audience aware you're going to do this before they see the play?
hooray for the prince!
Tomorrow will be awful.3 hours in spanish class...blah. joy.
Great seminar last night. Engaged students and a stimulating discussion of Typee. Thanks to Alissa for posting a strong article.
i like your av :)
Man I Wanna Go IN On Something Just Happen So BAd But umma Let It FLy!
On my way to a new dance class! EXCITED. (: wish me luck.
Why no Android or iOS app for #USITT this year?
Wasn't aware that was a discount (since similar on the web is going for half that!). But thx for the quick reply.
Thankful to have recently reconnected w someone truly on same wavelength as me. Excited to see what we can produce together!
The 1911 Chinese revolution anniversary is in October... Learn about a fascinating American from that era at homerlea.org -
oh man...having too much fun.
Very nice ;p
Marlins Park looks pretty blah. Wtf?
Cause all the wrong Men say the right things
#NowPlaying: "Still Perfect", by
that coachella comedown. and it's 45 degrees here.
He turns my pages!
Thanks for the follow, we're looking forward to following the hashtags & learning about exciting new wines!
ahem, is pretty much 3 weeks away. just sayin.
thanks so much! We work hard to try and be as creative as we possibly can :)
Tweeting should not be my hobby at 6:55am...
I sent that bitch a smily face.... Bitches love smiley faces
like a bunch of alien crickets under the seats, or in the rafters
Didn't realize that WolframAlpha didn't have it's own crawler. They license proprietary data sources. Cool!
Our CSTS ticketing site is still down. We're giving it all she's got! Oh. Wait. Wrong show. But we'll let you know when it's back up!
I need a shave and a haircut... I'm one missing eye away from being a brown version of the National Bohemian guy.
She is a copy machine!
Losing innocence. Remembering heaven. That was the essence of hell. -John jakes
Thanks for helping spread the word about CTE and TBI!
In my rp I have plans for what Alli should say Jake... Possibly haha
Merry Christmas and love to all ma followers and followees.
Hahaha it totally would be if there were wedding blogs on the screen!!! Ha
<U+201C>: Oops! On me way love! :D<U+201D>: been out here 15 minutes lmao
Can't wait for the Texans to start playing <U+0001F499><U+2764><U+0001F60A><U+0001F3C8>
its so funny watching all these bieber groups just steal the same tweets from each other over and over like bitch that shit is not original
tell me too! RT Anyone with a preference for a website annotation tool? (Looking at AnnotateIt, crocodoc, Diigo, and A.nnotate.)
Join with us to provide opportunities for the underprivileged. Help break a pattern of slavery.
How much is a pack of skittles these days?
Can he just get in my bed already? He looked so fucking sexy.
UM....(for once I am lost for words)
Healthcare Reform-Imagine? Be smarter than health insurance agents... Who has the upperhand then? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Thanks, man.
...you do now
The #SourceFestival begins this Saturday!
Boosie the king of the South!!!!
Gr8 weekend! RT : Thanks, Masters of Wine.
it goes by crazy fast !!!
Meet my dedication, inspiration. It may be smothering you but you know it's the truth.
If & when I get "verified" on #Twitter..I can tell my mom I finally made it.lol
we love your life Steve
glad you enjoyed! your concept of aspirational subjectivity also spoke to aspirational sexuality in grindr.
Mobility is a connected geographic context, not a device or a technology.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to <U+2018> scores [score1][score2]..[score18]<U+2019> (e64ac)
Thank you- We're excited about the expanded capabilities and increased interaction with our readers! Enjoy :)
Boring where is the sun
THAT SUBSITUTE WAS GRAND;)
Ugh only 1 hour of peace left
No shade ;) RT : and yes, I bumped up my meds in anticipation of 72 hours of being by myself w the kids this weekend. sigh.
I believe this is equivalent to a Facebook "like", thanks lady!
she does!
Now your just somebody that I used to know..Greatness!!
At Wet'n'Wild! So many sexy people here today(; Someone should come with me?!
3 spots left for the webinar tonight. Don't close your doors if your doing #debt settlement, we have the only 100% FTC compliant program
every time im on here ur not
thanks Jon
they are! But I'm grateful because every month I have that sigh of relief that I'm not pregnant :D
well at least the half time mix sounds good. last year sucked!
well....guess at least it wasn't premade and sitting under a warmer
<U+201C>: The t-shirt I got last night and the show they played >> #ILoveVelero<U+201D> I love velero
I miss you more
Dont forget to Like us on facebook and spread the word! thanks!
Does she have a visual schedule so she knows to expect the unwanted activity & any positive reinforcement in place?
Mobile App Development services by Vincent IT becoming 1st choice for cusotmers. Bagged app development in eBook,Streaming , Banking, Class<U+2026>
I don't like hummus on sammiches. Just as a dip. I'm weird about hummus.
Everyday I feel like i'm wasting away valuable time in college that I could use to better animals but that'll change soon. Pray for me
ok joes is the best
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What would your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b persistent!
Trying to decide on a good wing place around here for the Super Bowl. Any ideas?
: Thanks for the tip! I'm going indoor mountain biking later so that'll help w/pain prevention there too.
okay thanks & tell him before 11 because im really tired .
Quasi-honeymoon in Maplewood, NJ! So psyched to chill w sis/bro-n-law/niecey at their new spot for a few, suburbia is exactly the vibe
Wow I kind of hate the generic brunette doing this Megabus video. Surely this much smiling is unnecessary.
trying to figure that out :) let me know what your work schedule is like that week too :)
That would be my guess. Their actions continually befuddle me.
let me get one?
What does my 60 year old client know about riri #cake?lol
Sorry, I've been lagging behind with College starting up, don't you fret thought. lets get 455 more people to follow! Giveaway then!
Happy to host the Gala on Sat!
Dear Santa, this year I would like a Barbie Motor Home (new). Don't try to bring me a used one. I'll know.
Brands typically can't go on counter-offensive. But now we have passionate loyal customers who can defend us publicly.
ok cool , thanks for telling me that . cause most people dont take that route . they just do it , MY BAD BRO :)
I am :) how are you?
Have a blessed day everyone! Love you all!!! Remember to keep God first! :)
no sir thank you, ur repping our city, and lord knows we need it
RT : "In history of humankind those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed." - Charles Darwin
Great article, Tom. Thanks for sharing!
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
Thank you for the RT. We're really looking forward to
Houston, TX stoked to play for you guys tonight! Come see us
truth <U+201C>: The brilliance of MLB.TV on devices makes the absolute failure that is NBA League Pass that much more obvious.<U+201D>
Morning TV is always a crapshoot when feeding my daughter at home b/f work, but today is like Xmas: a fresh #Mantracker episode on Science!
Exclusive Discount: Save $15 on European-Esque Eyewear I don 't know about you, but I collect sunglasses! But lately, everything in the s
.RT tom_peters Instant responses to anything, grand or trivial, are by definition thought deprived.
I feel like I can do so much more but I keep making excuses to avoid failure and disappointment.
Only befriend vegetarians. There is much less of a chance of them eating you during a zombie apocalypse.
Bummer :( But then again, you might be super busy as it is hit or miss whether wineries are closed or not.
So exciting!
A3: Get more involved at the org you work at. If they are looking for volunteers for an internal project/committee, sign up.
I'm not going to Comic-con. I went last year but can't make it this year.
That would render the pork double-pulled. // RT : I need some type of pulled pork dispenser.
Looks like they're just about done here.
Spending time with my sister & her sister:D >>>
Don't tell me your life's hard right now, sorry. Just don't.
#STAR mercury in its joy in 1st/ascendant bc of dual nature (diurnal/nocturnal) & by whole sign 1st house resides on both sides of horizon
RT Seeking volunteer or two to help stuff envelopes this week. We'll buy you lunch! DM us if interested.
Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make. - Count Dracula
Ink Exchange by Melissa Marr: Tattoos=Bad News
I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club today. I can think of no better day than Tuesday.
"I'm convinced that every boy,in his heart would rather steal second base,than steal an automobile" Justice Tom Clark
i can teach you to be one if you want lol.you should put a italia sticker that will really scare him
smoking on keysha? hay!!! (:
Family Guy with this Nigga
Please, plz do a story on Liam Lyon! I'm begging u. This little baby needs help & needs it now or he will die. TCHosp needs 2 accept him.
no doubt, we have 5 years of #idcc proceedings to start with
the only way a white girll can say "nigga" is if she let me put my "nigga" in her mouth. funny
Anyone know how many amendments are left in the Ohio house?
When cute/hot girls look at me and give me that real cute smile
My answer to all questions from the press: No biggie.
THIS UNDIE IS MAD!! >:|
Try to imagine a world worth living in, and then ask yourself if that isn't worth fighting for. --Leslie Feinberg
"If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started."
We rate JNPR and FFIV as Strong Buys here. Stock market heading to Dow 12000+
Lol vogel got booed??? You know your team is full of flops
Damn, ours is on thursday
not at all
Be #proactive and get #involved in affecting #change within the #transportation industry! The 5th Annual T&I Convention is March 7-9 in D.C.
Bike to The Bakken and receive a FREE BOWL at Noodles AND a $10 off of any $50 purchase at Erik's Bike Shop - WHOA!!!
(c) almost uploaded. i feel so bad now:(
"Will is character in action."
So many great senior-level digital strategy opportunities... away from family here in Jacksonville =/ Sigh. Start my own firm again? Hm...
In the SWATS you can find unhealthy food from old franchises. Spike Lee owned a burger joint down there called Galaxy.
Local fleamarket=biker grannies, pierced/tattooed 30somethings pushing garanimal clad babies & hoarders-a feast for eyes and conversation
Thanks to everyone who helped PACK Fred's Texas Cafe last night! It was good to see y'all!!
lmfao Somebody come here and look at this......look at this......God damn cat drinking milk out the bowl
Hey Prince Fielder, F*ck you. You didn't deserve to win today or any other day.
...The 90-min and 2-hr rates are better deals. $90 for 90 minutes or $110 for 2-hours, again minus 20% for your first session
Now that the iMac at work is setup, time to do something with it.
Play "Get yo Money Girl"
#Vegas April 12-15, April 19-23, May 4-7... At least this weekend's trip is for business..Swear it feels like I never moved LOL
I love when defeated dictators don't get they are down 11-0 with 2 out in the 9th with Mariano Rivera on the mound.
i love when people tell me they wish they had my relationship ... <33
"Life & Death is in the power of our tongues" Today let's only release positivity into the atmosphere... See it, go for it and obtain it...
My dinner: two tecates, two cigarettes, two pieces of sweet mint gum.
": u didnt know that u were before?" No I didn't, NEVER happened b4. I couldnt believe it lol
Here's proof to show the Police that I consented...Please shoot me if the phrase "I want to see Future at Ibiza" ever leaves my lips!
the magician?!
First off fuck yo bitch and da click u claim
It was a pleasure to meet you last night! And thank you for sharing your voice with us!
True! Hopefully you have a good team on hand though!
Both car and phone in improving condition now, though I'm stuck in dealership waiting area with Kelly Rippa yelling at me.
Not off hand. There are a bunch of CFAs in Florida. You'd have to be more specific about what towns.
Thanks for the tweet!! There are plenty more deals to come!
My copy of 'The responsible company' arrived today. Cant wait to read it and how it can help me plan how my next business
Charles Barkley accidently called Kawhi Leonard "Kwame." That should be good for his ego.
Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day! Did we say it's free?
Let me just let me just
Guy on the bus tried to steal my iPod this morning. I grabbed his wrist and yelled "Don't touch my stuff, asshole!" Not a good start.
ESPN has all our schools on the preseason top 5 for next year...Lutes/Mikulecky final four vacation?
The #Avengers commercial made the Super Bowl worth watching.
I miss you.
give me that damn beat now
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has a sassy gay voice (;
Gahhh sore sore from yesterdays mile, thats the shortest ive gotten ever but still room for improvement
Doctorate, but experience can be substituted for education.
Next Monday: free audit for popular Film & TV Audition Scene Study Class w/ BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso. 3 spaces left.
I will if my future wife let's me hahaha I'm naming my other son "Drew Doughty" because me and him share the same bday lol
ew. what kind of recipes are you trying to find? epicurious is a good place to look.
Who's your favorite Photographer?
yea.. easier said than done ash.. its the worst
writing on the spot def gives that raw immediacy to the spits.
I feel ya. I don't have many close friends, and near me none.
My work day is just about over...
Adam Sandler movies>>>
None. There were 2 but they let me cut for a can of Ranger.
I think that tweet was about me . :/
Well I've been trying to get to you as fast as possible!
oh around lol my phone has been legit stupid lately
Candidate arrested for assault after pulling a gun in Staples getting 45% of vote in early returns//He couldn't find the EASY button.
but getting sean o'connell is easy
hahahaha.....typical Hollywood story.
3 in a row! Nicky!! Yesssssir
I love being retweeted (:
watching a man try to skewer his rat-sized sperm with a shower curtain rod while on a blind date. ...omg, it has teeth!! lmao!
#beingaredhead It was like torture being a redhead as a child sometimes, but it has shaped me into a mother who celebrates difference.
Cool mission statement: Wheaton College exists to help build the church and improve society worldwide.
RT : You know you really disenjoyed a book when, days after finishing it, you wake up glad you don't have to read it any more.
Good now you can be one of many !
"Symphony of a Thousand" Mahler 8 @ the Shrine Sat was sublime. Now that's some harmony! Congrats
You know, I wanted to see Avengers mostly because I hoped to see the new #TDKR trailer, which I already have. I'll still go. Lol
RT : Looking forward to guesting on #rteld tonight << can you autograph my TV ?
love this one!! Thank you for sharing!!
Nothing like waking up with a cramp to start off your Saturday.
oh okay, if u need any research done while u deal with that let me know.
Its been a while but very happy to be at this #smw special edition of BigScreen LittleScreen some diverse web shows being presented
we all effect our surroundings in different ways. if it pleases you, try to be cognizant of how you change your environment.
Sherwood or Torres? EntertoWin trip for 2 to #GlenHelen for Motocross & find out! FOLLOW to enter!
Funny you should ask, right now I'm eating Big Mario's ALONE <U+0001F37A><U+0001F612>.
Sadened to see the Ultra Right Wing conservative gestapo-like Tea Party target a true moderate and uniting senator like Lugar &drive him out
Who wants to make out?
Oh, I liked it, I'm just pretty sure I have mild traumatic brain injury from it. When's the last time for you?
How the hell is a primatologist/animal behaviorist gonna tell you he doesn't believe in evolution LOL :-)
RT : Reviewing online accommodations forms for Which means, of course, that participants should expect emails soon
How does he reach you?
Spending the weekend on set shooting "Road Back From Vengeance".
next years mvp! My vote for most heart.
Detroit vs. Chicago, Monday - October 22nd...no, seriously, Detroit is good now...I'm not kidding...hello?
#10attractivepeopleifollow "/ I dont even think I have 10 followers ! Lol New too twitter .
Nothing feels better then coming home after a long accomplished day and laying in bed!
I finish like 10 minutes ago hahahahah :P
in that case want to skype with me
who stole your #marbles?!
is producing two client videos -- one aimed at audience in Australia, the other a kickoff video for client's 2011 international operations.
No Wifi at Dallas airport?
badgers killin it shooting 73%... can they keep it up?
$50? what a bitch.
to talk to them and then he comes across as creepy or they see him with our sister Bessie...
she looks like she creamed in her panies and doesnt know what to do!
what do u think about clean coal?
Got my sweat on this morning!! #fitnessnyc #run10k # fitfluential
haha Hey! How are you? :D
Tantric Satin Ties Eye Mask @ www.kandizone.com
you mean the London riots or the Kelly Thomas beating? btw did you watch AC360 today?
We're gettin' there...
That'd make a righteous tattoo. Or, at the very least, a t-shirt. I'd buy one.
I need a fade. S/O to The Cut in Portage Park.
# partnered w 'No Kill' groups n got six dogs adopted2day @ monthly Ranger Creek Brewing open house. Happy day.
RT "2 types of ppl; energy takers & energy givers. U need 2 be an energy giver n associate with energy givers 2 be successful."
shut up
I am an american girl with one dream, for you too follow me.
"spectate" is one way too put it :P
you owe me the 2 hours of my hawaiian vacation currently being spent standing in lax waiting for a new plane.
Get outside if you can today. Sunny and close to 80 degrees = PERFECT, in my book!
The RHCT only deals with Redhat, I did install Fedora on my computer for testing, which is where they pull most of their stuff.
Drop by the Athen<U+00E6>um after work tonight; we are now open until 8pm on Tuesday evenings to improve member access.
It<U+2019>s important to actually remember you chose to be here; every day you choose to be here.
Life's deepest meaning is not found in accomplishments but in relationships
Osu really impressive. How can UL be ranked up there?
I'm SO Tired!!! Lol
YOU are that good, but I'm not believing the whole class is.
I honestly can't wait to see this summer with , and
Your turn? RT : very nice... When am I gonna get my turn? :-D
oh that gives me hope! thanks!
Well, Milwaukee didn't give me the winter I was looking for so you never know!
Thank you for the #FF mention! Hope you have a great weekend!
Mom having a twitter account <<< me being able to say whatever the hell i want.....
no, but there should be.
Ooh, good. Must join.
lmao I have no fuckin clue
Oh, Ben just said "Nikki", the rest of the world had no idea what her name was.
You no it is RT YanaDakota: Man i pray today gone b a good dayyNJM
that's the spirit! :)
Guess you just can't put your finger on it.
Oh my good your the cutest Belieber I've ever seen!!! <3 :') makes me cry xD
Awesome! Goodnight!
Jusss got homee dudes gunna stop by then dream land it is:)
Feelings very hurt. A website I worked my ass off for free was taken down.
yea no I'm not and I'm not a "Cover Girl either
more tracking guitars today excited for this all to be done hope everyone is is too
ShoutOut to the new followers FollowFollowFollow =]
IF ANYONE IS COMING TO AUSTIN MAHONES CONCERT IN LOS ANGELES...WE SHOULD EXCHANGE NUMBERS AND MEET UP!!! I WANNA MEET YOU ALL!! SO EXCITED!!
Hilarious. Maybe there should be a book called Tiger Dad.
And I am a recovering Catholic so that's amazing.
I know exactly how you feel, i'm thinking too much and about not so good things
ditto <U+201C>: Torque converter question: Hey guys i have a question about my tranny. "
Let's go heat
just dawned on me: if NASA hadn't been making plans to land on Mars, the Bloom Box would probably not have been developed.
#ff because she has a shiny new job.
Panelists (continued) and Mark Rooks ()
Music to my heart, that is what you are.
#SCIspa is doing a fascinating round-robin: participants sharing noteworthy trends in their own areas, critiques of the 3 central projects.
Thanks for sharing. Clearly not a yes or no question. :)
wish we could zap ourselves across the country as easily and quickly as a tweet
So many "douche bag chin strap" beards here at the gym today. Looks like auditions for jersey shore
I don't know how I feel about TLC performing on #americanidol . It was kind of sad without Left Eye...
Back home in Texas again.. Excited to see my friends & family <3 .. All smiles
Don't know. I just recognized the scenes and jumped up and down in my seat so I didn't pay attention, haha.
This is going to be the best week ever
Nap time before tonights festivities!
The Lakers got swept in the playoffs with healthy players by the Mavs, that's even worst when you think about it. Yet no one brings that up?
About to upload it baby!
just left #Perimeter with the lovely doing what girls do best!! yall show love.. she's in the city!!!
Deaf, dumb and blind. "trying to be a playa with so many woman"
Go get some fish, make us proud.
thanks man, I'm withholding my vote until I get a few more.
Doubt Eli will ever match Peyton in charisma & camera-presence, but could still up his deals by $3M a year with a win.
Thanks Mary! Happy New Year!
My boys brought Anacostia to NW today. Little kids running past said "Move out of our way!" Had to hold some of them back.
It's #NationalNursesWeek. Celebrate through education.
Agreed. Its twitter I can't give up.
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.
Sapporo, what a great city. Found a secret restaurant, where? It is secret although I can give you a hint. Stray cat lives at the doorway.
I know what u mean. I have boxes of those (story pieces)...I need to learn how to organize an office..SMH.
Correction: that's a double.
Good luck with finals!
Good Life Balance must be fueled by good sleep. Off to bed! G'night world.
Tomorrow is the last day to get FREE lenses for your childrens glasses with our back to school special !!!!
thats very cute :)
#blackparentquote I'm too white to say anything that won't come off as way too racist for this one lol
Are you Liker of KUNM Radio you should be. Cool stuff about to happen over there.
#ff that because I'm gonna see her tomorrow
that's a good ont
Happy New Year!!!!
I feel myself getting stronger in the Lord and that gives me the strength to walk away from the things that arent good fro me.
that, but then it's aggregating stuff from my actual blog. grr.
I think I just found my new place!
having eggs and veggies for breakfast!
I think I will be permanently inked for life. Also, my shower is stained. But it was so much fun!
yeah bro y'all get all the hoes/horns what ever u wanna call them
at home bored
thanks! Awesome re: online, maybe I should hold out for that or else just get my butt to the shop. Thanks again!
#StonerNight - #MFBP in the building tomorrow ()
Good Morning guys muhhahahahhahahah I go shopping
wish I was off to join you, at the theater where I work we are screening dance films- you're welcome to join us
don't feel like I have done enough when I do the w/o like it says.wanted to know if u got those kind of results doing what it says
I Need To Go To Sleep. But I'm Up Thinking About Roller coasters Thanks To These People Lmaooo
First nighttime swim at Barton Springs. Bountiful moon shining above. Felt like a brief departure from reality, refreshing, clarity gifting.
Spending the whole day on buses. I am sad to be leaving Boston/Maine. Had awesome hang outs with
RT Today during5 o'clock hour,I'll be on NBC4 here in Columbus.Fingers crossed I don't look like a fool!Congrats!It will be great.
Sometimes some things are better left unsaid.
The worst thing about sitting on a stability ball at work is the price of Whole Foods groceries.
Never :P
There are some dumbass people who try to return things at work, just bc our policy doesn't allow something your going to call your lawyer?
Video: Throwback Footage: Ray J Letting Fabolous Borrow His Lambo For A Music Video + Ray J Plays The Piano For Floyd Mayweather
why dont you tweet to the world what I said(;
Plz dnt make me go in here
Where is she
Happy Friday to you too skank,
2night! If you're in Austin for & want to come to our event tomorrow @ 8pm w/ @ us & RSVP it's free!
That she would, if she could talk. Ha.
Just got shopping out of my system!
Good Morning & Happy Friday, Can you PLEASE check your email, Voicemail , Mailbox PLEASE Thanks
I do I do and plz follow me
Quite sad I got removed from AASM because I said Alexa was immature about leaving :(
A-freaking-men!
Dope! Your lost!
Returning to Twitterverse / budding leaves in spring / breathing sunlight and spirit
bad idea to buy myself a bag of Dove dark chocolate.
actually, that describes Jonah Goldberg...": Fun? Lame? Cool?"
why thank you Craig!!!
i dont think so
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
....friends for all of your support....Believe me when I say: The pleasure is all mine when I am in front of u guys performing..
Like hearing you on with for a few minutes. Love you for 3+ hours breaking this game down!
Chris brown can get it <U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
A modern club music band took over a country bar in #Phoenix tonight. Remarkably good for their first show.
But I thought "the Government" released that data?! Oh wait...
<U+201C>: Please don't make it harder than it already is.<U+201D> ...that's what she said?
Wikipedia's other broad categorical indices are:
yeah! how did yours go?!
In the hallway with all the seniors not going to 7th period
I once had this dating site give me best states where my personality would work best. It went 1.Oregon 2.California 3.Washington
"why'd you leave the kids upon the table? (you wanted to)"
Yesterday a gigantic beetle landed on me while at work (I think it was a metallic wood-boring beetle) and today I am being bit by mosquitos.
Come again? Key word, "well". I was there, I witnessed everything
I loved my Tandy 1000. Oh so much.
Followed, & thankss sweetheart(: More music to come <3
Yea its okay with me
Maybe I can get some sleep between working and manage to resurrect my writing this weekend.
Day 21 & Feeling Great! Do It! Do It!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I always celebrate properly by having a lovely pint of Drink responsibly and have fun!
BJ will be in town and at the gallery tonight around 9.
Terrific - Of course; for you, always!
any news on when the XL Up comes out?
can you guys please follow me it would mean the world to me :) please
<U+201C>: me..lie? Ha real niggas don't lie, they just keep it real... IJS...<U+201D>lol mmmhmm
do you know what the average attendance vs registration rate is for webinars? I am wondering if my numbers are high or low
RT everyone in Kansas get down to Hartman Arena in Wichita now. performing at 7. let's have a good time.
Check out the new property on my website www.andreabell.com. 5 gorgeous acres ready for an estate to be built there!
#interview with #KernRadio early morning!
What?! He's walking? Can't wait for tonight's episode! Stupid mountain time.
#mythoughtsatschool If you don't STFU I will punch you in the face.
your stupid hella spelled my name wrong .
"I am from Kazakhstan. Very Nice." -Katt Williams
You are welcome. It's a pleasure.
Awww thank u! <U+0001F60A>RT : I can't believe my Shar-baby, , is a superstar. Proud of you girl, & your website looks good.
I'll let her know!
Who's coming out to the Souper Bowl tomorrow at Roadrunner Food Bank 11 am to 2 pm? We'll have KL Street Malay Curry Laksa!
watch out for Hughes springs freshman Blake Walker in a couple of years. He has a killer jump shot.
Will there be any cancellation due to rain?
More of this please. This is what we voted for. RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."<U+2014>President Obama
I think Gaga would allow that, among many other vices...
well i had a great day (:
#Orioles win!! with the clutch hit as always and a badass bullpen performance.
Zingers and ho-ho's in the vending machine!!! ;( Oh how I want one!!! Bad!!!
Great crowd on 17 today for What an atmosphere!
Anthony Kiedis can put his shirt back on...he's down to a two pack....when the 8 pack is back, maybe...a little muffin top in back too!
my mom is my
Finalize your goals this week. Get a plan and stick to it so you can take over the world!
thank you. See you at the release tonight?
Wow, way to go Green Bay D. That Indy score took all of barely over 30 seconds.
Congrats, on winning a free Unify license. Sorry we got that wrong last time.
Exactly. And that's why I cannot get married or have kids.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 47
WHAAT?! You're coming to the baptism?! I had no idea!!
Fair enough!
in southfield doing what
I vote for the cranberry ricotta cake...delish!
martabak 3rd round was awesome.....now time to go home for rest...
LA in Winter is the place to be!
what? oh...oh right.
New crowd estimate: 68,000 and still growing outside, 450 inside at 3 pm, Capitol police spokesman says.
"Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy." - Gretta Brooker Palmer
Game Tuesday vs. Lebanon
Looking for great hair extensions look no further www. megahairelite.com
is hash laser tag really fast hashtagging, or playing laser tag on hash?
Just saw the Playmaker workout Justin Blackmon on #NFL network, PLEASE GIVE HIM HIS OWN SHOW! HE's a #BEAST! and the
Listening to library architects from DWL Architects and Planners at
This is so true!! RT : Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Thinking about DL & what bad timing life can have... Family, friends and personal safety first. All else is secondary.
Next ? On what ?
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you couldn't do.
I rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it!! #Clever <U+2713>
thanks for the re-tweet! you always re-post the BEST sales!
We still have 1 opening in both our 5th grade girls and boys divisions for the Holiday Tournament! Call us if you are interested!
Retweet this: Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
I wanna text #Oomf somebody DM me !
would you walk down the street naked if given the chance???
my daddy got me chocolates and flowers for Valentine's day! he's the only man i need! i love you daddy <3
We start at 10pm.
Guys can be soo shallowww!!!! Theres more to life than just sex...
Gotcha. Sounds good. Enjoy fam time. Talk soon!
I just love when my "friends" add my ex on Facebook... NOT!!!!
I can't believe the admins took that path. 420 is always an embarrassing day to be affiliated with Uof Colorado.
ARE YOU SURE !?!
Ethnic edible at vino spiff fest today, stay twittering for my eat.love.burg updatrs
X issues is a definite turn off, especially when they're constantly re-occuring...spare the next til u done wit the X!
Great idea to have students create their own paper through paper.li
That would be AMAZING! I'd like to do a #50ShadesofGrey scene w/James Scott, too! Lol.
it's an Honor to watch you and hear YOU sing. Thank you!!!
Cool! I'll play it a little later! RT : brass monkey
Instead of screaming about job openings, You should want to scream about the people and opportunities behind the your company. Companies s<U+2026>
Early #FF Smart Women edition
Training today at Wil-O-Way Underwood. I have been waiting *months* for an opportunity to put this velociraptor sign on the DFC front door.
Have a super and sexy week ...
Thanks CE GROUP for making our ADDY JUDGING at the Pearl possible!!
my bra is over there in my chair talking 2 some girl saying I got a blunt man u going 2 let me fucc something . Were they do dat @ (#^_^#)
Sweet! we rock!
Stan came out and did a wonderful job. He is very professional,knowledgeable and courteous. Represents your company very well. Jim N.
ELBOW BARS YOU IDIOT!!!!!
Keeping north Alabama in my thoughts today <U+2013> it's been a rough couple of years there with these storms.
i just woke a bit ago and hace to get this house packed up and ready to move....
Holiday Crawfish-Boil featured in today's Weekender.
Lol @ Beau typing YOLO like YeauLeau CLEVER BEAU CLEVER
between University and State last night, I am surprised I'm not dead. This burn on my leg hurts
Skyping till 5:30 in the morning! I'm glad I don't see the sun yet
Where do you go to gather your beef cattle knowledge?
S/O to for giving me a play by play of the last minute of the pacers game while I was driving home <U+2764>
well put haha
My wife Lisa and I began falling in love at a High School Valentines dance 37 years ago. I am still falling deeper in love every day!
You have to let go before anything will change.
there's this thing called cover. See how bronson uses that mailbox?
I could buy out brooks brothers if only I had the money
Goodbye lovely Toronto! Must go back to the tropics now.... Hope to return in the summer :)
Son debated me saying the Heat have 2 superstars that's why they will win. The Pacers go nine deep and have experience.
Al sharpton just preached
Lmao my brother just took my dads car!! He told him he was going to wash it and never came back LOL
Mix tape of the day. Insomnia. Smooth day at work so far. Bout to zone out to this. Soul headphones turned up.
#beauty #shoot #tomorrow with Can't wait!
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve. -J. K. Rowling
I haven't slept right since the last time we spoke.
"...And the Royals have squandered another glorious scoring chance." So tired of hearing this in 2012.
#Austinmahone should be trending! Everybody tweet randomly with an #Austinmahone #HappyBirthdayAustinMahone #austinmahoneonellen !!
are you moving?!
": I do NOT suffer FOOLS AND I DO NOT FOLLOW THE ADVICE OF IDIOTS OR FOOLS!"// Well said! 90% are on Twitter! LOL! Peace.
it suits you. glad the trip has been going so well. <3
found you on youtube, saw you at work, took a picture, put it on facebook, ricardo saw you, (c)
Quick to bite my damn head off! 4 wat tho?
Just wanted to say we da best when it comes so far in betting on baseball this year +97 Units So Far!
Thank you to today's Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon sponsors: industrial products, , and
i wish i could skype with you! D: i'm too shy, lmao.
GOOD LUCK today in the NLC Semi Finals against Det Mercy! Show No Mercy Ladies!!
S/0 2 My lil, big bro matter what the situation iz he alwayz on the TEAM....
Yes, we r! They're already in LA w my sis. Been vid conf w them too. Convenient now w/o the 1/2 way ard the world time diff
appreciate the feedback!
Lets just say that you have been warned...The Saints Are Marching IN. Who Dat?
I'm dropping y'all some dope tracks!!
I can't believe we just felt that in NY. I'm terrified
what's up Tony!!!
Thanks! They think you're pretty cool, too (neighborhood AND kids)
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch
#wordoftheday Abligurition (n) excessive spending on food or drink. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
:* here I am! Have fun rolling in the snow!
Fox is a true professional, he's just excited to do a good job. I respect his enthusiasm.
... You bet your bellbottoms. Just gotta make it through work tn and I'm home tomorrow!
This could turn out like LAL-DAL did last year if OKC keeps this up.
Tonight, the Sons of Anarchy are going to take out two of their greatest foes in Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
I love Townes!! Maybe Europeans are smarter, but how do we explain David Hasselhoff's music.popularity there. lol.
we are still laughing, and she said it to me because I was throwing a tantrum for a popsicle. She wasn't being bad.
Right answer - wrong question ;>)
Post Mortem => After death
Guy who fixed my car saw my lanyard and said "I can't touch those I'm a cowboys fan" my response "does my car still work?"
oh and BTW for someone who hates Taylor a lot u talk about her an awful lot!
As soon as they start asking questions, relationship is over! lol
Cant we all just grab a bong and tag along?
"But mom... what if i get kidnapped?" 'Trust me, they will bring you back.'
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
I swear she loves him I just wish he wasnt so stupid and childish though..
Checked out my soon-to-be new hood and discovered I'm living near a 7-Eleven!
Thanks for the RT!
yo, tighten up; I said I RARELY give insults, not never!
lebrick James will get the ball
It would be easier if you drew eyes on your tits...LOL
Cleaning in sports bra and yoga pants >
Terrie, this time he tweeted darkened by shadows
all that matters is: does it get the quinoa clean?
thank you!
Like I said unnecessary!!!!.
How is everyone enjoying the Spring Semester? Let us know what you are learning about social media!
#IthinkMrsFryis Elvis Presley
I hope you feel better :)
Surprise night put with and
she was like what? Are you serious? And I was like yupp ;)
We help our students become actors! What kind of acting are you interested in?
I'm really good. Just studying for my world history test. How about you?
You're welcome Bill - thank you for being in touch!
trying to write a new weather blog but new website software is not agreeing. Maybe can help me out!
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son.
Hey Busy Bee! What are you doing for YOU today!?
Jurich winked at our suitor. Most people won't ask to dance unless they already know the answer. B12 is courting the other "hot chick" now.
#PennAW follow rain plan for Commencement today!
Lol except they just cut out half-way through the song.
yeah it rained like that for 2 hours! And I had to throw on some jeezy!!
Is anyone else getting DMs like this: haha i cant stop laughing, your facial expression here is priceless!
Glad you're following us. Please let us know if we can help you.
Spill coffee on your carpet? We can help you with that stain!
Have been for a while <3 We love all the divisions of FeaR
Creepy crawlers
omg! my professor probably thinks im a weirdo, she came out the elevator and I was sitting right there waiting haha.
You are having a pretty busy summer!
Gunna Kill In In Marysville In September! Can't Wait;D Cody I Can Listen To YOU #AllDay <3
That's funny! Come up here, there's lots of snow to sled in!
check out my Model Journal, "Extra Extra Read All About It,"on the front page of Paul Fisher's www.networktalentcommunity.com/
happy bday, Pitt! RT This year marks the 225th anniversary of the founding of Pittsburgh's oldest university.
Farmer Lawrence Calvert -- "I tell his grandkids that their my grandkids, bc they're like another set of grandkids"
as is yours -> I canoed the Issabella River & have seen the northern lights. ...I grew up in the Midwest ...Canada vry close
This is paper delivery person's asking for a holiday tip. Mail the tip back in the envelope. Stranger is your delivery person.
Sadly a verse many will not understand. ~ John 12:25 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
You should totally be our official Instagramer. Or something.
you act like you didnt do anything wrong.
Confirmed by checking his twitter: is in fact here.
Somehow the spirit in sports makes us want to do our best - probably because the greatest satisfaction often comes from the greatest effort.
Who wants to win blazer tickets for 3/29?
I hope so. If not now, when she's older she will!
Pandora is doing me right at this point
just creating u?
but i want you to tweet for me
how old are you ? (;
Someone should really start a fund for that. I bet we could buy you all kinds of a life.
I reallyy love how, even though we hhaven't seen each other in forever, me and Tyler are still incredibly close, <3 :)
#WhitneyCNN - THE most beautiful, poignant, riveting & awe inspiring Church service I've ever witnessed. God Bless & RIP Whitney Houston.
Tune into ESPN U
call him.
hey, cool, thanks!
#Echelon3000 Thursday Free All Night !
um. Yes!
Problem is, I care too much. Solution, stop caring.
bible doubted their faith. Are they stupid? Only thing stupid about his comment was that you included it and his lack of grammar
Session 2: Digital Media Cyber Policy #GSMRS with panelists Scott Busby and Suzanne Hall from
Happy Birthday !!!!!!! I love you so much! Wish I was with u to celebrate and cheers with bubbly :) xoxo
U misplaced your passport again & Jon just slipped on it while dashing to receive news Mac baby crowning. Am I right?
RT : Toughness is having the mental fortitude to shut off the little voice that is telling you to take the easy way out
67 years ago today World War II in Europe had ended in what became VE Day. I'm sucha boss in history
Sent you a Scene Missing writing invitation, not sure if right email address, though.
No more reading. Must write.
It's crazy up here on the rooftop! Thank You to everyone who is out here rockin with us!
Simply amazing animation on visualizing the tenth dimension (and all the ones under it). At tenthdimension.com - naturally. String theory!
DailyHookahTip#83: Non-rotating hookahs have better seals and contain the smoke much better.
Just found thanks to my Virtual Assistant and they came up with easily the best deal from US to UK. Gr8 fares & thx 2
What am I getting? What am I getting???
5th day teaching... finally feeling some autonomy.
I hope everone loves their job as much as I do.
same here Bob! The conference was great thanks to you, and the rest of the crew.
That was just rude, miss
The series finale of #DesperateHousewives was so well written and one of the BEST ever, including the pilot and the whole first season!
joined your FF league...any prize or just banter?
They trynna have a part two tonight was good
Hay buddy just thought I'd say happy birthday to you on twitter. Hope you have awesome one bro :-)
Just got goosebumps watching Jim Cornelison belt out the national anthem
omg. that was to funnyy. bahahah
The world is entering a period of great unrest. I predict stock markets to rally, uncontrollable chaos in the streets this summer, and war.
Whoops! 2 hour accidental nap.
Great seeing you in Las Vegas at the PPAI show!
Jumped off of our roof in an attempt to travel by hammer like Thor. Lucky for me the porch roof broke my fall.
#CurbsideCookoff- DC Metro Area's Biggest Food Truck Party. May 5th
Just sat next to one of the guys Swamp People... Awesome. My life might be complete.
Well, I can't answer the second, but Johnson went deep.
I want icecream :/ too bad I finished all the gelato yesterday.
here ill change it to a good pic
so. looks like my should arrive on Monday. let's hope they fit this time! thanks for your help,
Pleasuredome of electric souls on windswept horseback possessed under subjective spells; metamorphosing into entities of prehistoric spine.
Excited to play today w/ ! plays at 3:30 follow by !
you mean immaturity < ?
I love a man who grills me meat.
I finished the third book on Sunday and now I don't know what to do with myself... I'm kinda obsessed.
good suggestion except that I'd eat them all before we got there!
Yes really
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(7)
Don't call me crazy, call me driven
ass so fat , I GAVE A LAP DANCE
Without you there is no me.
I disagree, if you vote with your feet, then YOU're missing the point of what ePatient is
watching Chicken Little because I'm lame& I love that movie(;
roll with it Shawn!
that's good. I still don't have a job, but I have like a full schedule. Lol
DC, are we gonna get serious about a Justice League trilogy and subsequent tie ins? I would hope Marvel's billion bone pay off raised brows.
Excellent point. Most excellent.
Check out our Tiki bar at the Ramada across the street, $3 beers all the time.
In An Education, Sarsgaard slithers into a young girl's life, but seduction is sidetracked when her authentic heart melts his lame charade.
Go Lions!!
Somebody gonna die
Back to #Meisner class tonight
The previews for Brave look so freaking awesome. I love kick-ass heroines.
k bye
You're the one who splashed her!
what happened to Vegas?
: FYI, Glen Ellyn will not give up on that parking ticket, despite being fully informed. I declare war.
What is the ultimate goal?
Truth is we are all under the same moon...
Trusting Is Scary /:
Can't even be mad. 4 homers in one game is sick
A word to the wise: Don't open 125 tabs in oXygen it will slow down
haha ikr<U+0001F604>. Hope to see you guys soon..I see your snapbacks where your Lakers cap at lol?<U+0001F60A><U+0001F604>
#cincodemayo & #prebirthday celebrations in order for tonight!
#6wordstories i just came to say hello
already truly, entirely, wildly, messily, marvelously who we were born to be."
wats good boo
is live-tweeting the #CwKirk event - really interesting dialogue going on!
if I corrected grammar & punctuation errors on signs I'd have no time to do anything else. I fear the battle is already lost.
At with and
Thanks, Joy! You are inspiring me in the research department!
TODAY 4:30-6pm @ Thompson Library book sale & signing OSU an Illustrated History - the perfect holiday gift for Buckeye fans-at a discount!
yooo!...we gon do work bro!..
Mountain Goats, definitely, esp if U haven't before-performance brings out the intensity of John Darnielles songs. Phish is Phish.
my favorite quote was I would have fined him more but yes it's a problem. Hahah pick a stance bro
"You don't know how much I got to lose. You don't know herlike I do"<3 - Brantley Gilbert
hi... do i know you?
We will be asking the first question in just a minute! Thanks for joining.
Dear people who do not like tattoos, I don't and never will understand you.
I'm at and everyone but me is in sweatpants.. yep, I must be on a college campus
Sorry I've been somewhat MIA. The play I'm in opens tonight. Meanwhile, I hate making computer-generated labels. Hate.
I want panera.& i want chipolte!
naw folks im on dat bitch i bet not see u
That says troll lol lol etc. Ha ha.
YouTube search result will give option to start playing right at the search term where found in captioned video. Cool.
The Political Hurricane is putting FL HD30 from being a toss up to slightly Democratic.
itsbou ya radio thing... u gota emailicanhit u up on?
Train.18 year old with grandma.His1st time to NYC.EXCITEMENT.filming the inside of train.hastily trying out all different buttons on...
Definitely one of the perks of being a librarian! I was gifted some cookies from a patron as a medical library intern. Yum.
Things you don't want to hear your dentist say: "What is that?"
Playing Kate Capshaw's role in The Temple of Doom
thank u lol
tonight - fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite - San Diego go!
You`re a stupid ass bitch.
nice trick!
not really a question, but if when you tour...you better to come to LA first
any predictions for the fights tonight?
not exactly sure cuz I dont use meetup. Imo it allows you to see & share all ur schedule. More like
auditions, close, then open, then audition, then the movies with maurice! LONG 2 days
"Show me how to love, show me where to start #activatemyheart" #Nataliakills!! FUCKING LOVE HERR!!!!
just two more weeks and I will be home for three whole months!
You dont need #reasonstofollowLiam he is Daddy Directioner, that should be enough
SAYYID! I miss youu. long lost bestfriennnd
I wanna be and im gunna be !
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common-sense could manage successfully.
Thanks for being my second follower! (Twitter makes it sound like I'm running an up-and-coming cult.)
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine de Saint Exupery
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family! in
#codeforoakland attendee suggests we should create a central hub where people can find all the Oakland mobile tools. Good idea!
#HardRockRising underway for Round 3 Tara's Fire up now bringing a #DropkickMurphys vibe - Come
It's on FOX5 in the DC market. RT : Catch me on today at 4pm. We're doing an Italian meal makeover.
People ain't original no more that shit is problem to a nigga who dont like losing
RT : Ted in first! Crowd is going CRAZY!!!!
Funny! POTUS pool report: "It would be cool place for chase scene for the climax of a movie thriller."
A fine brew weekend: brewed #AllHailAle No.18 (APA) yesterday, bottled No.17 (black IPA) today, drinking No.13 (Citra IPA) with curry dinner
Sometimes I feel like an ant that got lucky and just found a huge crumb! And sometimes I feel like I dropped that crumb Then I'm just an ant
see yo Chuck Norris faced ass had to take it to the next level lol
I like your profile background photo!
that's never good
Tweet n deck back on deck
That beat is #knockin I can see Drag on all over that.
Haven't heard that piece, Trashcan Sinatras should be more famous.
Ditto. When will it be uploaded?
Getting bad news<<
New hair color today
childs is in Arkansas getting massages and hot tubbing (tweaked knee in practice Thursday)
Fresh, cool air; Sunlight-- Heading home from the hospital.
RT : You might have to help someone who is having a hard time coping with it all. Be encouraged and assist where you can.
You just can't play with people's feelings.
Don't think I will have time before July though, need to stay on schedual here. heheahhaha.
did u apply for Mayhem already? What's the contact info?
thanks for the b-day shout my bro and you are very welcome. I stongly believe in passing the knowledge.
yo mama so fat she sweats gravy
Finally saw Avengers!
We support our troops. Did you know we offer a military discount and a senior citizen discount. Come check us out this weekend!
my boy wasaap
you won the Black Keys tickets! Feel free to DM, so we can take care of the details. Happy Friday!
thanks Sam! :]
can hardly wait to see Goodwin playing for the cats he is gonna be AWESOME
Congrats! Beer time!
Headed to BWI for a two hour layover...so close, but so far away...
Ms cheer tryouts tomorrow!
#BlueRock wishes our intern/ PA Louis a great last day. His hard work and great personality will be missed around the office.
#BVBforsuperbowl2013 come on bvb army we can do this!
At bay view, this would have definitely been a palagis type of day.
Always gonna be about the krew but if your gonna talk shit I won't be there for you.
some of you freaks make wanna change my mind on alota things shit u make me wanna stop watch rated R movies. ya'll are too much lol
oh okay I was like I didn't see it
The ting about "your mom" jokes is that they're all old and iverly used.. Like your mom
biggest downfall to being back in the dirty 3rd is everything closes at 9
Yes... took me three times--- said server was too busy... Hope you had a wonderful Christmas! :)
i am working on new projects
what kind of phone u got
Late Night Tweets! >>>
I am definitely interested in ASIST--please send me details about meeting on Monday.
looks like your already there!
Your SAT stunt article has made my morning! I would propose marriage, but that would be rather unoriginal of me.
Ha, awesome finale! is tha shit.
GM world
come cruisin w/ me
yeah it really sucks. And yeah it would i can't wait for warped next year! is going to be so much fun!!
Ha, it's usually me RT : Yeah, I'm still shocked they did that People get overly rookie crazy this time of year
How are the "little" projects coming along? (cont<U+2026>
What did you think of the Josh H situation?
Bout to get in my crunches for today. This boost my stamina.
sweetie pies here in STL!
An the last time the Redskins were even in contention for a Super Bowl was??? My point exactly. NY GIANTS Defending CHAMPS!
Why is everyone tweeting he must be online ;)
Saw a girl on campus wearing an avengers shirt.
When will this boy roll (all the way) over? I mean he plays the piano!
Having a dog sure does the heart good! I get greeted with genuine excitement!
enjoyed our reading tonight, best!
Yes please! Those really were the glory days with the Dream Team.
Can't wait to see SC students for the review! (Phy 135B) Spread the word for us :) The review will be 3/31 (Sat) at 5PM!!!!
Ah. Thanks for this tidbit. :)
Many changes are going to be made this week!!
Can some one tell me ir i shud have facebook because i dont know if i shud have one
Obstacle courses available for the kids as well a variety of information & products for pet owners & lovers alike! today!
To the person(s) that broke into my brothers house today: I'm waiting for prosecution. Then watch your back.
Remember singers: pasta is good for your voice and it's super cheap.
You read my mind dude! I was bumping that track on my way home from Spanish. You destroyed that last verse.
These "occupiers" need to occupy...a job.
What is the moral of this kids speech?
sorry, we don't buy/sell formal wear.
Thank you!
lol well then, how old are you?
looking forward to your book this summer!
Nice to see on #HRHappyHour tonight - it's been a while for me!
SWATCHES ARE NECESSARY IN KNITTING
It's been a while since we've been on here. We've been MIA for a bit. Hahaha.
Please God be with all of us this SOL week. It is MUCH needed.
Sorting through a ton of photos from an amazing show last Friday. The pics look great!
Oh yea, at the West Seattle Farmers Market Today!
Been reading biz opinions & comparisons today. You use Instagram, so it is well worth 1 billion or even more. Case closed.
Don't miss out on these LOW Rates!
In honor of Earth Day, I held in my farts all day. You're welcome ozone.
Twitter is telling me to follow Snooki. Do people actually do that?
thank ya kindly girlie!!! I am super excited!!!!! :D *grins from ear to ear*
Yes, I will be there!
Honestly, if Sea Bass was at SS tonight, my guess is Wolf allows 2-4 runs instead of the 7.
Great, and you?
If I were rich I'd be there!
I hate when gum does that!
I looked into your account and you should have received an email from me about 4 hours ago<U+2026> maybe it went to spam?
Glad im exempt from all them tests!
I bow to you ser!
Glad you liked the new video. :)
If it still hurts. you still care.
All the Fine Young Danimals
TONIGHT - SPRING BREAK 2012 with Special Guest DJ's Sam Groove from Phoenix AZ, J Bowra, Amy Lopez & DJ Ja along with Lotus Resident DJ XES
That was awkward.
Prosecco lovers, we just released a special DOCG rated gem for only $23!! This will tease & entice your senses in ways you never imagined!
Try U of Maryland. They have a whole warehouse of old school stuff that they sell super cheap. They might be willing to donate.
seeing the #avengers in imax w/ and i'm stoned to the gills man! to the gills!!!
Fuck, my braces just cut me and dug into my meat in my mouth ouch!!!:(
Oh you didn't know?
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
I heard I missed you in several spots today. very sneaky sir, very sneaky.
lol you have NO idea:p
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
Hi Matt - thanks for the follow!
Hey Mary Peters and Ana Maria Varela Bakas, I just finish my workout for today, so leave me alone tonight, ok?:))
#4FamousWords, bring your own beer.
Yay! New icon!
This game is way too sloppy. They make the Wizards look like a competent offense
Haven't decided on one, yet.Enjoying book1 but ready for book2!
I need more followers on twitter, because I have a lot of followers in real life!
"Money Ball" & "War Horse" most nominations without a win 0 for 6.
cool that you made #infocamp this year. Wish I could have done the same.
Ya that might be the worst call of all time! 2 feet off 1b???? LMAO
Certainly a perfect day for it!RT : Shrimp & grits made this gray day 100% better. It's been too long!
I am a Small Business Owner who lost an employee because his partner was uninsurable with a preexisting condition
I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while
Painting Tops Spring Home Improvement Wish Lists
That does not sound like a good idea.
<U+0001F64F>Amen<U+201C>: There's no need to rush. What's meant for you always arrives right on time.<U+201D>
This is the day which the Lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad in therein.
Hello y'all
it does feel weird not being at the renaissance with
If she's responsible for your smile, be responsible with her heart.
Great meeting you at the After-Party at THEA, what a great night to enjoy short films and meet you!
did you know?????/ In China, cooking is an art.
The next round of fundraising for the MDA Boot Drive is May 3, 5 and 12.
what did u think of
hey Soror, I am at a coming out show at Valdosta State Univ. Thanks for the shout out yesterday. Deuces!
Hopefully it'll still be the perfect conference for you come September!
Yes! I don't see you people often enough.
Tough loss, 4-2. They played hard and left it all on the ice.
I'm super excited! Sans Souci...French phrase and my life motto..or I try to live by it anyway :) (means no worries/care free)
Ridiculously fine
Dear coffee cart guy. Coffee is not supposed to look gray. Ever.
soo ya say, youre done w/ this person, youre done w/ that person. then yall are frends within weeks. lol okay.
#stopbullying inspiring story on how a girl overcame her bff's suicide #STOPBULLYING www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com
What I didn't know that you played football for missouri state?
We hope everything was delicious on Saturday!
we'll see about that... lol
look up "barn owl ballyhoo" on FB its a concert/craft fair at club girabaldi headed by Molly Roberts, idk if you know her?
We discriminate against no one who has good bbq!
Contact me if you need help with your PR or social media campaigns. We don't do the norm. Do not reply if that is the case.
Yoga in the morning to prevent back pain. Prevention is the key.
awesome, definitely interested! I do public relations, copy writing, a little web (Wordpress) and more!! :)
So pleased you enjoyed your meal at Sweet Mango Caf<U+00E9>.
what a timeline of reformatting mistakes
Fish fry Cod. Perch. Bluegill. Walleye and haddock. Come on over.
Leaving church:)
Win or go home time gotta love it
what time
watching a casey anthony documentary
Reading "How to be Black" on the flight to ATX. Looking forward to meeting at SXSW.
everyone says this!
about to eat some pre race wawa... 5k pr must be getting close !!
Started watching the anime "Spice and Wolf." Pretty good so far! Loving the music especially! And now I must eat an apple!
watt really bo we wap ak suppose to go to Vegas
Going to try to sleep now, so goodnight. c: or... good morning, I guess. ha!
Hunting Arbor Mist. Study night!
Children and young adults can be compensated for foster home abuse via civil suits.
Cuse wins! Great game. Badgers are some kind of a team, too...Jordan Taylor is super.
2012 is just a rise in disasters for a while then it leaves that is all that is going to happen
Q4. What is the most bizarre drink you've had on the road? (via )
Good trade during the super bowl! Glad to see you stuck to the plan! :) P.S. Congrats on the 25 pds! Good work!
Latin Gold Thursdays is always fun @ the QBar!
Mom taught me how to make kimchi pop today. I now know what's going to kill me.
this kid: there something different about you. me: i have makeup on
Managed to get through half of U.S. History tonight....what know #apush ?
Does Tim Tebow have to submit photos of his feet for Rex Ryan's approval?
why did you call me
People in #Brookhaven - take #MARTA to Music Midtown this weekend!
it's a baking mystery! it's fabulous b/c w/ the jars, i can fit them all in my convection toaster oven -lisa
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
Thanks I'll share with him!
our pleasure! Happy Holidays! Now how about a follow back?:)
#pipa Remember when this trended for the other Middleton sister? trend downgrade...
let me know...i went to his show in madison over summerand it was hilarious
Didnt really go anywhere today
RT: HipHopEd 4 memorization purposes & 2 gain interest, use that rhythm & create sum lyrics based on the concepts & numbers.
thanks love!
Casually watching dexter
It's driving me out of my mind! That's why it's hard for me to find... ;-)
Still thinking of you but you dont even notice me:(
Meetings + Banging our heads together + energy drinks = Byahhhhhhhhhh Creative
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: IPOD Touch 3rd Generation Screen change..
Question of the day!! How much of the #NBAPlayoffs am I watching this year. Answer in a %.
Walk @ Headlands today: landscape & the Romantic poets. Improvised song by Blake in a tunnel. Leader sd. was fave part of day, group loved.
Home is where the vodka is.
Lets talk about the word regimen. I really hate that word.
Promoters needed for the upcoming shows! Tweet/Direct Message/Facebook/Inbox if interested
Excited to play with and at this Thursday! Going to be an insane dance party!
I'm just done with everything. I feel so stupid! #ImAnIdiot!
Bitch is making me do one of those eye sight tests. I CANT OPEN MY LEFT EYE.
If people can be thought leaders, is your kingdom. Be well and merry this weekend, friends
Our pleasure to have you featured! RT : : Thanks for including us in your round-up of news!
lol that elbow to brewer was terrible
great local #leesburg author to follow:
The choice of all Dale Jrs biggest fans. RT : That is why I drive an Acura
So am I still waiting for this world to stop hating?
I've told this guy that is my husband over 5 times:p
Already preparing for this "Shredder" work-out tomorrow...with my own little twist
after cross-stitching marathons.
You're making me crack up at work.
All bateaux in Daniel Morgan<U+2019>s division were been destroyed after they went over a small water fall. All provisions destroyed.
Right?? <U+00A1>A la m<U+00E1>quina!
William, we are getting worried. Where are you? Please call the theatre!
I'm so glad you led a tour! Lucky, lucky freshmen. Cute dress, by the way!
College baseball is amazing b/c Maine won 6-5 @ Clemson last night (it's 34 degrees in Orono, ME right now!)
Bahaha! Love it.
Afternoon snack at Frenchy's! She-crab soup and Buffalo shrimp. :-)
puppet shows with broken accents.
We're in support of #SOPA and #PIPA strikes ... just too tech-inept to know how to blackout the zinefest site & tweets.
Thank you for the RT! Have a great day!
Amazing, how have you been?
bring me beer and sing me sweet n0things while we drive t0 m0untain t0ps t0 stare at stars.
ugh SAT saturday...
We used to worry about browser compatibility. Now we worry about e-reader compatibility.
Training with video is ever surprising, for instance - how to evacuate a prison, how to be a visitor at a hospital
follow back
Who is out in the big Sac tonight?!?
On this day in 2011, Edge retired as the World Heavyweight Champion.
Nice! Thanks bro
do you wanna see it? (:
#sixers Yo Brand has to give us more in this series than he did against the Bulls
Does anyone know if the Jack in the Box is open yet on 116th and Allisonville road? If not, I'll have to visit at Culvers.
Heavyweight Champion Joe Frazier dies from cancer.
um....eww. You also forgot to add that you snore like an old man.
from now on and I call you #Nostradamus. HUGE win!
Mary Kay Truth About Abuse national survey reports #victims struggling to find jobs & #shelter expect situation will only get worse
Avocados are high in fiber-bring on the GUAC!
You will cry your eyes all that fun and 10 gives me chills cause its the last game i hope they still make 10 more to 20 omg EPIC
Definitely too soon.
that's hilarious because I had a fake dialogue goin on b/w them and the first thing they said to each other was "what's up bro"
I need some drank in this cup...
DUDE THAT POWERPOINT PRESENTATION FUCKIN ROCKS
When is last time you lucked out, the check out girl walked over and said "I can help you at this counter" and you went to front of the line
220 shouldn't be too bad... good luck this week with all of them!
That's expected. Same way most everywhere else in America. That's why I need to move to Canada.
Im following you now lol :)
ikr!!! U should see the looks people give when they see a child act out. They want to see the reaction of the parent so
I think it's time I go back into my hiding place again!
Ah... Thanksgiving, aromas soon to be wafting through air... Series coming along swimmingly and more celebs added... including SEAL~~~
Hoping everyone is enjoying the holiday season and spending time with the ones they love! Happy holidays!
Just finished editing. Got to do some sound work but will post soon.
Shanny will go after next Elway at #4 RT And what r draft ramifications of this? Redskins must win so no QB taken at 4, right?
And I'm gone
Why get Marmol up in a tie game. RT : Marmol up finally after Wood walks the house.
Biked 20 miles, ran 3 miles....now if only I had access to a pool.
Sometimes.....People seriously need to be slapped!! LOL
Watching a movie and eating chocolate delight minis with
Just got a sneak peek of the new Winter cocktail menu for Noble Experiment. St. Cecilia will be on the top of my list.
I can dig it...make that paper...
RT : if ohio is the bellwhether state.. than the president dropping 13 points in approval polls must be very concerning to the WH
God created you 2 be FRUITFUL & MULTIPLY // you can't do either unless you're CONNECTED to the source! (Jesus) Gen. 1:26-28 & John 15
Fake friends come & go , Like the seasons !
Friendship Bracelets ? Nah ! lmaoooo
#waystomakemehappy Play with my Hair <U+0001F486><U+0001F44D>
hahaha are you at the one on 9th Ave.? I always walk past that place and think the same thing...
Praying for Jack and the whole family. He is such a tough little guy!!
great show! to b honest, i didnt really know new band members individually until '06...that said,i like brain btr than frank
Have you washed your car yet? If not, we can do it for you!
Robert J. Sawyer~ You cant choose the ways in which youll be tested.
THANK YOU to the military personnel who have/are serving our country & we remember those who died. We are FREE today because of you.
Cool, this is made you pants?
": drunk sex hell yeaa". Hell yeah I would go all night
I love Lane's wife.
Tacos, Tilapia, Fajitas, Shrimp Cocktail were going like crazy yesterday! So we're the Margaritas, Martinis, & Moscato!
This is a typical UL game so far.
DELETE THAT NOW
Also, the 5Live interviewer is idiotic. "What challenges does Galloway face in representing the people of Bradford?" That's not his concern.
kegs is just waiting for you to. lol. like really.
Paris is freezing!! I haven't felt this cold of air on my cheeks since my last NYC winter. Ah, memories.
Just a reminder that Electric Soul plays tonight from 9pm-12am and tomorrow night you can catch Rocky Mantia Duo! Have a great weekend.
There is so much wrong with that statement, I don't even know where to start.
Talk about supporting local! RT : Not only referred some guys fro out of town to McNellies, I Had my Hostess drive them in my car!
for real? Dude, we should, like, totally hang out and play music together.
revision overload
the world is yours is classic!!!! All your albums classic!
I love #Masters weekend!
very cute! :)
I figured out that cake was invented before cupcakes. Because if cupcakes were first then they'd be cake and cake would be platecake.
GET THAT BODY LANGUAGE SINGLE ON ITUNES by FrankPerryProductionsMusicPublishingPresents hot track for the spring
knitting and make me a cool tuque. Either that or brush up on star wars lore. No wait...a star wars tuque!
'The Help' has to be my favorite movie of all time.
Okay.call wen your on tha way baby.
he pitch?
So tired thank god I have to make me go to the gym!
WWE I know but its #WWE #Everythingspredictable RT : Yep, and that would be so lame and so obvious.
- Yes and no. Sometimes typing is more easy than talking in real life.
Thank you, and Like Wise!!
If we want to stay on track with God and do so with good attitudes, we have to make communication with Him a priority.
We do window treatments, blinds, shutters, drapes, and shades. Probably about to launch a Wordpress blog...
she b lying fillin my head up saying I'm da only one n shit smh I'm tired of her lies bro
and don't you forget that sir
I hung up my Formal dress... Can't help but think that it all went by so fast & about all the things I didn't do that night... Oh well...
is contents under pressure.
Thanks for the input. Have you also used the logos/ethos/pathos/kairos terms with them?
I don't there's a better combo out there
The ALC staff wishes you a very happy and blessed holiday season.
I don't think a auto-operator has EVER answered my questions or solved my problems when I call any customer service hot line
I made a grammatical error in a tweet. Here, hold by drink while I go jump off the Internet.
Everything cool, how have you been? Yo we gotta get together.
The real tragedy of The Titanic is, the movie.
omg crying bless
Why do u like messing with my head :\
Those people with no jackets and short sleeved shirts must be COOLLDDD!
Lol! U at work?
I am thankful for being able to help and touch the lives of countless numbers of others ~
ohh sorry i meant to say hi to youu
Still wondering-if Starbucks were around in Shakespeare's day-would he have gone there to write?
'I would implore my colleagues to stop playing games'
yes please.
OK I think multiple posting issues on twitter + fb are over! my isp must be acting up again...
and yet some guys will then put it back in the fridge.
I don't know really its to late to think! I will text you or Kelly tomorrow! #goodnight <3
Finally made it to Brands as Patterns after facing the current downpour happening on Austin
Working out the dancers
"i'm brennan." "i'm dale but you have to call me dragon." "you have to call me nighthawk."
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake --- moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
Lavender can soothe/cleanse cuts/bruises/skin irritations. French scientist Ren<U+00E9> Gattefoss<U+00E9> discovered when burned in a lab explosion.
Thanks for the mention, hun!
Duke wld have won yesterday if played. Hope his injury is minor. Need him.
I'm telling Ma! RT : ": #Aquarius Sex Position: The Sit on Me" .....This is dead on accurate!!! BOL!!!
you sound like a first time mother after your child takes their first steps looooooooooool
Got today and knocked 17 mins of my commute
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-03
HOGS are 6 in the BCS!! WOO PIG SOOIE!!
It's a pride thing. If you knock a guy out. It boosts your self esteem. Gets you helmet stickers/other rewards.
Watch the #NFLDraft with us tonight at ! We'll be gathering around 6:30. Please help spread the word!
I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion.
NBC news crew dodges gunfire on the front lines in Lybia.
Anti-#BBN people will say UK is scared, which is ridiculous. Like most sports decisions, it's all about the $$. Damn shame.
are you a kpop fan? :D
i wish i went to early mass today.. oh welps ''/
If all U.S. corn was turned into ethanol it would cover 4% of our energy needs. Why use it at all when it's lethal to combustion engines?
Mothers Day is around the corner and we've got you covered, from $10 to $10,000,000
yes I am awesome? Why thank you sir!
Now is reconsidering her friendship with you
indeed, Bordeaux and standing rib roast.
Sometimes you have to take a few losses. Just keep your head up though.
Yes, at so early a period! The more things change... Where's the reference from? We have lots at CUL on Jews in France..
Completely uncool. I don't understand the wmata culture. Especially among the busdrivers.
I wear an eye mask too, we are meant to be
Last night of "Heaven Can Wait" - many thanks to our director, cast & crew for a great run.
Lmao. How u see me?
I hate that my laptop is fuckin broke
Holy smokes... Epic!
I'm such a proud #ACTmomma :)
your job title should be changed to: Creative Pimp. ;) Congrats on the publication honor.
- Lucky lady!!! Tweet me a pic! Rock those watches ;) xox
lol! I mean... It's a cool van! Haha jk. No van
Bouta clock in.. best news of the day
1 timeout each.
last chance for free shipping on all orders... almost tapped out of coffee -- only a few bags left.
I had 2 tix waiting for you... Next yr??
Thanks for following Some big RepeatReceipt News to come very soon!
Thank you, my Father in heaven for another blessing! Happy Tuesday, folks. And...let's be careful out there today!
you too. Love the demo teasers.
BARS!!! nuff said
5 Questions: Montel Williams confronts MS head on
I'm really not in the mood so .
love it!!
will be in NY for the next week, FYI.
Been listening to "This Way Up" all day in antcipation of seeing you tonight! Love the new T-shirts too on your website!
so how ayo like dah dunk from wade
Maybe not today, but your request has been noted. Happy Halloween!
it's sandwich time, hon. are you ready to fix me one?
Working On Music to ease the UnNecessary Stress off my MIND !
Whatever a Saka Manju is, it looks delicious! Also, happy birthday Ericka!
am I allowed to send tweets via multiple accounts, if I have the account owners' consent? They will be human generated, not bot.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.6: Architecture by HH Richardson, Louis Sullivan, D. Burnham, FL Wright.
RT : Wire actor and speaker is running the NYC Marathon today. Send him some love!
It's March, #Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand #spa treatment mix olive oil & sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize
Thanks for the advice! I'm also trying to get the zone map data.
I would love to see a Baltimore Oriole at my feeders. They're in Central Ohio, but maybe I'm too "in town" for them. :-)
by the way love your background :)
I would work in that office.
I finished my first penpal letter... I'm a bit nervous and I might want you to read it before I send it.
Which one?
I do I do I do I do you know I do
Hilton Worldwide Luxury Brands Appoints Stuart Foster as Vice President of ...
Based God should be in that dancing weber grill commercial.
Ok, Can't wait to see it!
What the hell? There's Marucci's in different colors o:
So tired z.
ummkay lol I love how we're talking on tweeter about this <U+0001F61D>
I feel like I've been in an insane asylum for 8 hours. SO glad to be home from work!
OT Andrus Peat picks Stanford
Aye Watch Yo Mouth...Im The Only One Who Can Call Him That Lol
yup yup! I remember that Soho Rep date!
Music is love in search of a word. -Sidney Lanier
Forever young
Yeah they play bridge with Jack and Diane.
How bizarre that his 1st thought is to tweet this drama. If real, I do feel for his kids. Kids always get caught in middle.Sad.
can i just die right now because school starts tmrw. ugh.
she wuz there. and i only tell the 2 of u guys stuff. and you guys are more trustworthy than others.
Favre favre favre go away away
<U+201C>: The sun is out and it's raining. Huh?<U+201D> THE END IS NEAR
#follow , our gorgeous chief designer
Fast 5 #1 Movie in the Country! Will it race it's way to $70 Mill this weekend?!
I Need plans for today. Its to nice to not be doing anything.
and all the other students whose computers don't read D2L files - the word doc for the assignment due today is up. :)
What's the magic word tonight? BACON!
#Linning, he isn't going to be the next "Yao-Ming" He's going to be the new Ling.
came in, pencil is missing. not an auspicious start to the day :(
Being lightheaded as no other and in a no good mood. <<<<
Have u notice the people who work at jamba juice look like the people who never had a protein shake before...
She want a man dont need a man >>>
Congratulations to the on winning its sixth MISL championship!
Still a good idea. The Thanksgiving tree starts to smell funny so quickly.
Have you seen the new Nike uniforms yet?
#FACT 14,000 people are having sex right now. 25,000 are kissing. 50,000 are hugging. And you<U+2026>. well you<U+2019>re reading this.
My Life at the Moment.. Jaw Pain. Tooth pain. My Daughter's baby daddy drama. No work. Bummer.
I guess people on twitter do care that it's my birthday (:
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
If you haven't discovered the greatness of 8 Seasons Grille, get to Bassett & Main NOW!!!
YAYYYYYYY! Let's have a party now.
I sometimes try 2 take a break but i just go back 2 it. Im going to try a break with no Kpop stuff but idk how long ill last
Tangent: "Canada's Soutwest Airlines" is actually more the level of US' Jet Blue. Southwest would be the baggage car on Via.
On a totally unrelated note, I'm saving up for a sew-in. It's a long story, but the short is I need a short bob fix and a #naturalhair break
#20thingsaboutme 3. I have green eyes but some people say there's blue specks in them.
If I appeared in Playboy like Lindsay Lohan, I bet I wouldn't break records. Readers would throw up instead.
WOO YOU GO BOY IT WAS EWW BUT AMAZING
What is evidence of learning in art in a museum context? If you don't know the outcome, how can you design to support.
I'm not angry in this hahahaha
Of course, what I meant was that the subways would fill with strudel<U+2026>
Hope ur holiday shopping is going well. A charitable donation 2 is a gr8 way 2 advance HD research ;)
Working on a new video :)) Well, I'm just about to stop for the night! xx
i need counselin', i lost my mind and still havent found it
can't change what I never was..
and yes...meeting! I'll email ya
thanks for heads-up!
Thanks Doll <3
DJ Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Beaver Run Chair in 20 min! Its a beautiful day 2 Shred+ Drink + listen 2 good music! Hope 2 C U!!
Get Austin Mahone verified!
Yeah! Love it when things work out! I believe we are moving in a month!
Hello hello! It's a chilly morning here in Seattle. Hope you guys have a great day.
did any of the pics I took if you turn out??
Yes, Green Dove is located in San Diego. If you get the chance to come down I'd check em out for sure.
Okay, things are looking up. I might be in my house before 9!
#aiip12 Getting Things Done w/ Marcy Phelps Evernote not sticky notes
O :/ Happy Birthdayy To Her. Manyy Wishes . Shes In A Great Place:)
Joffrey is one sick bastard...
[waving fist in air] Damn you sweet, sweet juniper and wheat flour!
Ocean Clinic March 27th.Call office to register 310.390.5700. 1st hour will be @ LMU pool then grab your wetsuit and drive down to the beach
work. I have no social life for the month of may :( but I need to make time for you!!! Miss my babes
I'm all for sexy....but make sure its not Scott that is doing it!! haha
Seagram 7 and finding a 2 liter in my fridge of Ginger Ale OH HELL YEAH
waiting on you my my G
They just panned to rocking his on the sidelines
Just a few more days till the blogging launch...so excited... keep watching.
that snowy bike looks great
Involuntary actions. But thank you! RT : You make some awesome faces when you drum.
Stoked for the opportunity! RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
thanks for the retweet!
Well, I've gone 2 miles in 30 minutes. Must be some golf tournament going on today or something. :)
Today I am officially 23 years old!! I thank God for blessing me w life thru Christ&4 always cherishing me, even at times when I don't
hey can u bring me $5 and i will pay u back tomorrow???
Music speaks what cannot be expressed, soothes the mind and gives it rest,heals the heart and makes it whole,flows from heaven to the soul.
Horror movie weekend! The Woman in Black and The Innkeepers both open. Have to catch em later, I'll be busy shooting the horror of Mind Rip.
One year from today it will be 12.12.12. Start planning your "dozen" theme party.
like me! in the bathroom at that club!
why the fuck am i so damn tired ...
thank you! i am but the messenger, might you mail to work out details?
Officially going to crc!!
86 nyg playoffs scored 105 and only gave up 23 beat sf, wash and Denver
sorry. It's not perfection if I'm not there....with bacon.
And no bullshit that will get me killed, either
haha thanks. it was really awesome! :)
what's on my mind today: pancakes. I keep misreading words that star with P as pancakes. Making for a delicious (but disappointing) morning
Coffee, in bed,
a laker win could make your night holy hell
Lol ": I felt like 'Q' from Juice."
Prize #5: Winner will receive $100 in Plum Bucks to use on Plum District by moms for moms.
Parenting and Sports Talk Radio . . .
i felt the same way !
I'm the strongest man with the strongest smell- I'm rank and I'm gully.
bad call? Looked bad in HD
I'm trying out CRMs. I keep using as my test account. I think this is something you might want to know if you have a CRM recc.
No. 5 Duke upset by Miami (FL), 78-74.
WOW! gives all employees iPads. They try to be completely paperless. What a "neat" company ;)
When life gives you a geoffrey stroke the fury wall, stroke the fury wall.
No Problem:) Okeej..
Every single radio station in Texas is either country music or in Spanish... Lame
Ask to see them again. You will see them with different eyes and notice elements that were overlooked the first go-around.
Picasso had a saying: <U+2018>Good artists copy, great artists steal.<U+2019> We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas<U+2026> ~Steve Jobs
It's never easy to stay on a diet, set goals and keep track of what you eat. Don't be afraid to slip up, if you do just get back to it
i hope that chivalry ain't dead to you boy 'cause i'm grown.
Nihilism is a simple concept, but most people are unsuccessful...
Some of Them Were...I Had 2 Kids With One #OUCH!!!
know anyone looking for a Madone? I got one to sell. :)
One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
haha love you girlie :) I'm so looking forward to this Summer!
Today's Quote: "It's not easy being a mother. If it were easy, fathers would do it." - The Golden Girls
I know =) nice to finally meet u!!
I know that my minds near the end, God, I hurt myself and fell I wont cry it'll be fine, I'll take my last breath Push it out my chest
I'm excited u favourite-ed my tweet. That's never happened to me before! Hahaa
SJ Jazz 09 press party yesterday..Spanish Harlem+Pete Escovedo All Star Band on Main Stage...Many great local artists www.sanjosejazz.org
lol. Just had to get one more Changs deuce moment in!
I had the best do-nothing birthday ever. I did lots of stuff but none of it was anything
It's #WineWednesday! What #NZ wine is everyone drinking today?
We should see the assignment that God gives us like food. We get energized and power when we live out our purpose.
Fuck!!!!(I love u honey)
Happy Friday!
Just broke a sweat trying to buy my <U+00FC>ber-sophisticated 8-year-old sister some jewelry. I worry my tastes are not haute enough for her...
Half way done with the career conference & will be back in school for about half a class
don't make me smack you I am a grown ass man !
Is that standard markup for David Caruso? I was unaware.
Touchdown Warriors!!
Thanks for the mention!
As I was just saying...wait, what was I saying?
"I don't consider myself wealthy." -Ann Romney, wealthy person
Fantastic! Thank you. We look forward to having you.
On the whole, my impression is that mercy bears richer fruits than any other attribute. p 62 of Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Sweet! Or when I'm in LA!
Thanks, Shannon! :)
Everyone follow He's an awesome fellow actor that you should know!
If you were to buy someone special a Ford for Christmas, what model would it be, and who would it be for? Have a Happy Friday!!!
Really looking forward to playing with and tonight at Lilly's 9:30-12:30pm.
Billy, so far you haven't done a thing I didn't expect you to do.
We are open til 5pm today. Come grab a panini 4 a late lunch, cut into bite sized pieces for cocktail snacks, or 4 dinner
View problems as opportunities to rely more fully on God, as doorways to deep dependence on Him+increasing intimacy w/ God
Can't we all just get along?
I'd like to call it a Spring Swing but it's more like a roller coaster!
Don't forget to listen to #HoneyBadger himself on 4:15p with & ME! What do you want me to ask?
where is
Join us Sun 1-5pm on the patio. Free music from Julian Sizemore & $5 beef tenderloin small plates from BS Sauce includes glass Grove Merlot.
#GeorgeKottaras with the clutch rip!
Friends, please be careful w/ #credit. This #economy is too fragile for taking on #debt. One thing we've learned is danger of over extention
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways, Love you always , stay at your side , be your best friend , and cherish the moments you spend together.
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 6
The Kills? Killing me. Where are the Raconteurs?
awe so sweet! Travel safe and God bless u and the family. Listened to your testimony last nite and am rejoicing with u...GBU
did u hear about dad's car?
Im at BW3's
Thanks for the pointers when I was trying to figure out shp files
Good Morning World Don't forget to stop by Super Impact Super specials going on check it out
come pimp my cubicle. That is all. Carry on.
Washing My Clothes and Blasting Depressing Music Cause Im Just Not In The Mood.........................!
Where's the pic of ?
- Thanks for the shout out!
Got Out Early Today =) Boutta Go Take A Shower
Just discussed our Zero Energy House with a Realtor who wants to sell them in a high end market! Thinks they are a great product!
I dunno. Unless you've read the ruling _itself_, I'm not sure you can claim #copyrightgeek status. :)
Approach every situation with wisdom
It is clear my avatar here on Twitter is of Brian McCann and not me, right? I'm offended for McCann.
lol you can't possibly be starving
Really, I thought it was mainstream GOP officials who made the GOP look bad.
everyone's doing a btw ball diet xD
If Diablo I were a Ubisoft game, games press would be flipping their shit right now.
Heading to University of Georgia tomorrow. Performing with the St. Anthony Gospel Choir.
Cali here I come...I love shootin music videos....
Tomorrow I'm driving my younger brothers to our vacation house in Maine :) ...our parents won't be there for another 3 whole days!! :)
Watching a movie called Phone Booth from 2002 and who pops up as a cop?
What's up Tyler? My name is Antoine and I am a big fan of Everybody Hates Chris. My favorite show! I wanna meet you one day!
today is my birthday!!!!:)
The problem with going to sleep at 9:30 and waking up at 4:30 is that by 8:30 in the morning I need a nap.
***This week only, 250 FREE Business Cards with any order of $50 or more! Call today! 720-542-6105, make sure you mention this ad***
as a huge admirer of your work, I cant wait to see , congratulations sir. Looks great.
BIG BLOCK OF CHEESE DAY: SEASON 2!!!!!.
Aww damn , coach is gonna get mad at me if I dont suit out ! oh well ..
Gotcha. You just want one to meet him at the airport with? Or do you just need one by Sat?
Diversity of thought: "Surround yourself with people who think differently than you. Otherwise, you get too comfortable."
Make money management a priority not a choice.
#Legwarmers make for the perfect pockets when running!
Honored that will be speaking at our Ambassadors Luncheon tomorrow
I found out why I was setting off store alarms. The idiot at VS left the security tag on my sports bra...grrrrr....
sounds good to me too - .01% transaction tax will shut down European markets and drive people to US financial markets
There are a lot of air fists involved.
Breakfast & coffee date
PPL r stoopehd
they should do it
Officially an iPad owner. Typing is a little harder than I expected.
What is wrong with me, I'm fucking freezing all the time
good compromise!
It's a long hard road out of hell.
Bam RT : Joy, play and love are key elements of your true nature.
TransitChatter Launch Party is on Fire!
woo hoo! can't wait to check it out. Thanks for offering such a neat blog giveaway. You rock, milady!
Thanks for the follow! I've enjoyed reading your articles, and was excited to see you on Iron Chef the other night. Cheers!
Mothers day shouldn't be the only day your mom feels special. I love you mom!
Um...that's hilarious! Woah, that reminds me of 5th grade when that album was super popular! :)
We encourage that kind of obsession.
Baseball and softball season is upon us.
You want to hang out in a skybox on the strip with me and attend the CCDP Convention this Saturday? DM this account.
Chiana:What's my favorite -- steak or hot dogs? That's a tough one. I better sleep on it.
sounds good...I just got off work...Imma go clean up...hit the dispense n head ur way...coo?
Where are you?
I just got an anger birds hat it's BEAST
HEY LADIES WE HAVE DRESSES FOR YOU FOR DERBY COME CHECK THEM OUT!!!!
Rehearsal break-through! Can't wait to share with !
Chapter 2012 Page 106 of 366 "Trying to make a dollar out of 15 cents"
5 is a risk. Even the other networks have some that will fail. How they schedule will be first step
Thx for the shootouts! Happy weekend!
the only cure for too much coffee is more coffee. Or does that only work with booze and hangovers?
networks working together. WOW! Hi to little brother
have you seen The Manchurian Candidate ? Same thing there
I will give the best entry a free bottle of OPC-3 as a reward and incentive. Visit www.laskohealthsolutions.com for more details!
That's a cool idea! I need to find someone who's been gone or in a coma. #hospitaltrip!
yo you just went HAM on the Simmons
What are gas prices around your neck of the woods? Rumor around town is that gas prices are going up!
so sorry!! I'm pimple free!!!
Watching Road House for like 30 minutes, waiting for Dalt to punch someone in the face. WTF. When was Judge Reinhold in this movie?
Tonight's show features Jay Z presenting The Body Magic
was it how's ur mothers day going and did u save my #?
"swag swag swag on you, chillen' in the sand Niall's surfin' with Lou" made my day. (:
I AM SO GREAT AT PROCRASTINATING.
I'm not an anon but I'll #FF you :D
Finally found something my preg belly could stomach, however I still want s.p. fries from #burgerville , you've ruined me!
Just done watching Runnin' man ep 50. and then went bk on twitter, and 183 tweets. jfksjdklsjf O:<
Half naked in march and loving it. Happy Sunday! Wear sunscreen.
And I found you and followed back! Interesting app.
New year, same goal.
Incredible day out. So lucky! :D
It's hard to find a good lamp for my desk so I can work at night. Maybe I'll just get a lava lamp!
Well, I hope I give you " nervous energy" ;-)
We want the Imposter Kane to come out in this match.
Had Lunch with Chris La, the newest edition to 15four.
also, from a [semi-new] iPhone convert - OPEN THE BOX! gamechanger, I promise.
Good Luck today!!! You deserve it!
I saw a jordan wizards jersey yesterday
#Johnson: Heurist = an academic social network "database of everything" ... one-stop shop for most kinds of data we deal with.
#19MillionMonsters One big family
The clock is ticking.
no it did not wark out who is the real soncara
I just love how most people think I'm straight lol XD makes me feel manly and what not
Wesley Snipes must surrender to do his time by Dec. 9th. Hard to believe.
what do I have to do to get in on this round table?
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 17
home is the Delt house/Muncie bro. You're just on vacation now...
I'm awaiting a call from someone in NYC named Patrick who might have a job for me.
overwhelming myself with way too many things at once
": I'm finna snuggle with my bb dawl tonight" why do I hangout with lesbians...
One of the best features of this HTC Wildfire case is the fact that it has been designed keeping in mind the phone with great precision.
you had a heart attack?
Welcome Let's come together here and make South Florida a nation of titles. It is our time.
Very cool! You'll be the laser expert in class. ;-)
Teen Mom could do a whole season just on the girls in the 315
bummer :/ did he replay any interviews last night?
Earn income by sharing a product everyone can use. You<U+2019>re not selling SKINNY. You<U+2019>re creating HEALTHY LIFESTYLES each day. <U+2018>Go Green<U+2019> at...
Wishes All branches of the Collective a Happy New Year!
Saw on facebook that you're going to be reading some Sowell books. I've read and own both Black Libs and Intellectuals. Good stuff!
Even though the word "Trill" makes me wana shoot myself in the face, Trilla by Asap is pretty dope <U+0001F601>
When you fall for personality, everything about them becomes beautiful too <3
i love logic!
Man, I've been waiting for this. Hagadone is nails. Hope they keep him up.
no problem
this hasn't been the best morning. hopefully something turns it around :(
correct, I can dm you what i've been told & can't stop thinking (don't want to spoil it if it's true)
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X26
Enjoyed reading the blog post! Wishing you an educational AND fun
RT going to miss seeing everyone at #mw2011. have fun y'all, and will see you next year, for sure.
I've been playing with GAE in my spare time. Initial signs are good - but I haven't done anything real yet.
Music > homework
No one I want ever wants me back.
<U+201C>: Don't hate masturbate<U+201D>
if you weren't you, I'd say that statement is a little creepy
Hot Buttered Rum busting into a bluegrass version of Paul Simon's Late In The Evening
blog post this week?
That was an amazing back and forth that you just had; should have been televised!
Check out our Facebook page! We started our Beach Body Contest today and will showcase a new contestant and their story each day this week!
I beat it up up up up up up.
This is a good thing you're doing. I just tried to use the card and it said account not found. Is it still active?
So sad there was not a new Castle last night. It's the only thing I look forward to on Mondays.
#lessambitiousmovies Geriatric Park
Target practice with the M-4 today went great! Practice throwing a tomahawk is going to need more work. Open to anyone's helpful tips. :)
She pulls the printed sheets out of the tray and sticks her little paw in to get at the creature inside. It's quite cute.
Hey Stacy! Thx 4 adding me to your list. Hope you're having a great week! Keep mkg quality connections, #RockStar #Recruiting :)
Yea! Definitely my darling!! What are you doing today?
So.....what's the best thing happening in your day today????
#JX has arrived
thanks man! I see your from Austin. You doing a Tejas wedding?
morning my friend
hay :D
I find my work goes faster if I make it a song<U+2026> "An-no-ta-ting WI-re-FRAmes!"
I worked at Circuit City in HS. We used to burn, then explain digital cameras to old people. Fun times.
HELLO....TWITTER WORLD....IM WORKIN ...NO SLEEP 4 Me...CHICAGO ON MY MIND !
that was funny
And seriously, Kuechly top ten? Everything else is just icing
Justin is always off when we trend something about him...
I'm so weird.
LEARNING SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT OUR KIDS ARE ADDICTED TO: If they dread education then we are to blame not them
And it should be nice and cool in SLC! RT : the conference looks really interesting.
dude I want food cuz I'm fat
Great talk on Spatial Epidemiology by UIUC's Marilyn Ruiz here at
don't say things like that. There's always hope
EVOs are shit. There I said it. Sue me.
and that "I Am The Man" joint by Spade is great!
Bunch of Italians poolside at ocean manor
<U+201C>: Everything happens for a reason, or it's because your stupid & your decisions are just terrible.<U+201D>
Kid makes me not even wanna text or talk to any other guy anymore. Mad weird.
Gotta love ppl's #youtube comments. Guess they get some kind of pleasure being a keyboard thug in their mom's basement. #losers,
On Sat. asked if they sell alcohol on Sun. They do. I bought some. They responded on Tues.
Note to self: "You look like a softball player<U+201D> isn't an appropriate response to a girl saying <U+201C>I used to be a softball player.<U+201D>
Got a toothbrush from the 99<U+00A2> store, but I got a million dollar smile.. That shit don't make sense, doe.
"Marge, it's the golden rule: treat others the way they mess with you."- Homer
Oh, good question. Love to know what people rec to you!
I JUST got back.
awh poor Alex :( take some Excedrin that might help i have a bad headache to..hmm mayb a nap will do? Feel Better Alex ily.
those cars are poop.. but, how much does dhe have to work with?
Long ass day. 8 hrs of wrk, birthday in encinetas, birthday in downtown and lastly birthday in pb. Dead exhausted.
See you later!
I can't wait too meet you either Vic. RT : I can't wait to meet Scarlett at Warped Tour!
Photoshoot for all the new Night Owl clothes tomorrow! Woohoo!
RT : Harvard Study says tweeting and Facebook release hormones similar to having sex! Feel free to tweet me. Multiple times
lol Bob your name rhymes with Job ;D
7 miles + speed work getting ready 4 only 6 weeks from Sat. Who's ready ?
It's a harsh reality when you realize that you can't please everyone.
Everyday on my grind
Wow my aunt alice just used SMH
- Oooohhhh! Fantastic! Woulda?! I'm doin' it! :) Or something similar... Plenty of time next week to play with Photoshop! :)
lol :) RT : Our car is covered in we love TNS and everyone keeps looking at us. Lol
Jims Carrey's daughter on American Idol!!!! Thats awesome!!!
I like Gemologist in the #KentuckyDerby. But then again, I like them all.
Re: Pandora mention in today's MMQB. Recommend checking out Spotify. Amazed to have a collection of everything basically.
Just arrived in Charlotte for NATS musical theater summer workshop! On-campus housing at UNC is pretty nice.
lol luv ya for that shot out! U know I gotta stay relevant! Wanna talk to u about Doin a tv show soon.
This song makes me want to dance
Airplane maintenance is investigating a strange fluid that is on the right wing. Reminds me of why ASPCA took my pet penguin away.
What blocks your entry way? A locked door...... but for every door that there's a lock, you just have to find the right key!
How would I go about sending you a press release regarding the upcoming 2012 Glasgow Council Elections? Thank you!
Data Center Jobs: Thomson Reuters - Data Center Knowledge
Need more followers! I'll follow back. Thanks.
That goal should've been disallowed for copyright infringement.
Over the line smokey
Yeeeesssss he is. He's everything a hero should be, imo.
Sure thing ! Anything else? ;-)
Not looking forward to the post resolution gym crowd
YES! Just miss your flight, I'll meet you at the bar...
Thank you for the shout-out on Friday, Su! I really appreciate it. How was your weekend?
OH NO!
thank you, awesome song!
Waiting to board Honor Flight with 100 WWII vets. "Boy, there are a lot of old guys here," one of them says.
me to I don't know who calls me
I love twitter during #PHILLIES afternoon games.
have fun in LA! Had so much fun meeting you and your both are so nice! It was crazy seeing you guys in person!!!
Mom and gma! Peds onc RN. Love music, theatre, encouraging my bratz to pursue their dreams. CA survivor-grateful for life. <3U
big things a-brewin'
make it tangerine!
And don't get me started on my family. But I have known off the above it all became clear to me today
You have not Tweeted since Friday. I'ma steal your phone and unfollow the free shoes place if you don't start Tweetin'!
Aahhh I've never had luck in love !! </3333
is the carnival there tommrow too?
Kate Grace Physical Therapy is now ready to tweet!
RT #iranelection #iran9 #gr88 using separate hashtags for in and out tweets only tells them whose inside iran. suspicious.
no plans except dinner!!!!!
I have had just about enough of your jip. Pipe down and hush your gums. Go fight something and be uselfull with your life
Xmas Tweets: Mom just won the argument. The stuffed Sully from Monsters Inc will go in the closet.
If you talk about next year, devils will laugh at you. <U+6765><U+5E74><U+306E><U+3053><U+3068><U+3092><U+8A00><U+3048><U+3070><U+9B3C><U+304C><U+7B11><U+3046>
The sky was clear and displayed its stars majestically like millions of diamonds sparkling against a black velvet drop cloth.
Thanks Jason! Just taking an amazing opportunity and making the best of it. Trying to be a good influence to younger drivers
I'm getting ready to dj @ Yotel's Club Terrace tonight in honor of an old living legend ! I'm not worthy!!!!!
Yes, that's me playing 's 'Eye's Open' on LA's #1 country station You like it??
Navy should trend #GetWellRihanna!
The Dove chocolate I opened had a message that told me to "exercise my heart today." That's what ALL exercise does, fool.
I say our starters don<U+2019>t shake his hand
RT RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
Madonna's still got it!
what happened?!
One Direction & Latinas <U+2665>
Yeah, I have friends who put that on.
I'll be the cash u be the rubba band
Just found one of paintings listed on Amazon.com. Love the free advertising I mysteriously seem to get through them.
Our office will close at 4 PM on Friday and will be closed on Monday, Feb 20 for Presidents' Day.
So sweet<3
As about the only agency in Chicago accepting for residential TX adults with non-stabilized psychiatric conditions, shame if DMH won't fund.
81 degrees in the Mil today...where are we drinking?
Sleep... Where art thou?
@[kinG Em.JAY] damn # fucked up
Absolutely love getting my Yoga on at the beach. Starts in 15, who<U+2019>s with me?
you know you've been on Facebook too much when you want to "like" an e-mail
Sign of a true asshole? Someone who, when you follow them and you know them in real life, doesnt follow you back. Like really?
Fashion isn't something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in sky; in street, fashion has to do with ideas-way we live, what happens-CC
Happy Mothers Day Keda!
hey, where is now?
10 days left in charity auction. Golf with Samuel Jackson...visit www.CharityBuzz.com
is empowering girls and impacting women at 6th Annual GirlTalk Conference in Anacostia, Washington, DC
This dude is a douche he deserves everything he gets..
Discussing competence in the O&G industry with some of the top global competence professionals #O&G
RT : Seems like twitter #TT just don't be poppin like they used to
Glad you're on the follow. Rock out this week!
Where in Seattle will you be?
holly crap this dude is adorable but anyway everyone go follow him !!
10% discount on purchases for all UNM and CNM students, faculty and staff. All you have to do is present your ID!
Starships by Niki Minaj just came on and it reminded me of some guy from school he is so funny
On the brightside, i'm pretty sure my internet's back tomorrow! I can go back on tumblr, facebook, and twitter! I hate mobile versions!
I knew my investment in Elvis action figures would eventually pay off.
Oh my goodness nicotine gum.
just finished a fantastic shoot by the ocean with Liz...
Last tweet mssing "pl" in transanted. :). Chalk it up to soar hands. Too much gardening.
Love those #SinatraMoments!
Also IN. Can I manage your money too?
still can't believe austin's moving to Miami. Austin & Alex won't be the same :'(
- no, but I thought about it. I seriously thought, is Tim in the office...
And Romney's dad raised a chameleon.
Better to sit in the parking lot and be ridiculously early.
/path/to/endpoint?message is no different than path.to.endpoint.message in an OO language
Yess you do (:
If Junior Seau said in his suicide letter to have his brain researched for the hits he took, it definitely makes bounty gate look even worse
Ppl already know what it is when they drop your iphone..
johnny's tavern, the place to be for 8-0 perfection!!!
What if Lent is an ancient solution to shaping up for swimsuit season?
still a real nigga red coogi sweater dice roller
need workout tanks for us ladies :-)
I kno im finna sleep good its rainin too
Yayy. My Godmother is heree. <3 I haven't seen her in like a year.. #MissedHer <U+2665>
Holding too tightly to the pain of the past is unhealthy. I'll never forget those pains, but I must be willing to let them go. Let it go...
Thanks , likewise!
Lovin' the pro-active spirit!
<U+201C>: If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries.<U+201D>
Not right now,I'm on my way to the school to turn in an assignment.
See you in less than five hours! We're a bit excited too, if you couldn't tell.
Hey Patrick - thanks for the follow. I will check out your site.
drinks with jen in belltown =)
Fuck my car got stolen last night .
Seems like I'm heading up to Portland this weekend! here I come! Tips for Portland adventures anyone?
Hell yes! Me too. Great minds... flirt with insanity?!
Can't wait to see win the Masters one day..He's almost as good as although I've never seen him play
Bobby's semi later :o
is that a promotion, carts to cleaning toilets? :P
Almost #Grizzlies almost
These thunders in Denver are scaring the crap outta me! D:
53 tweets to 15,000. Because I had a twitter before it was cool. Anyways, who wants to be a part of it? Besides the obvious.
Just tried to visit AP twice via Twitter links. Before the site could load, I was redirected to MySpace.
RT : Is hands down the best server at !!!
Jonsi for bedtime.
u r very welcome & u can count on us to help u. We r happy 2 have u here. If u need a taste of Nigeria my family can help :-)
girl...don't play!! I'm here for about 6 more hours
Thank you, Nina!
The Republican Primary race is turning into a big joke. What a shame for the Republican Party.
- I worked in a hospital when I was 16. A surgeon once mistook me for a med student & taught me how to remove a tumor.
not having to have podsednik anymore
pacing. pacing and more pacing.
no problem. video/mixtape is dope
having earphones on and randomly go to a blog/site that contains music...man, it just really hurts my ears >(O_O)<
Rainy weather is perfect for sleeping
Promises mean everything. But, after they are broken, sorry means nothing
Sunglasses, neon tank top, leggings. Pretty much describes every female on campus right now
Apple can replicate the problem in their lab - some sort of network error. "Be patient and try again later."
It is estimated that 30% of adults and 40% of children suffer from nasal
on sale now
Happy Friday from the show! We're talking NBA playoffs, NFL Draft class signees, baseball and more. 888-640-9385 to get in.
That's Jamal... Darned auto correct...
RT : I love that is following What a weird world we live in.
#UNC....really? You're prob just like a chick, like the baby blue. Haha
The Derby is today....
with no need for a label, why do you use the language of capitalism in your name Mr. Trademark?
we love green smoothies & offer some delicious ones!
Dick Clark & great memories!
Why Not Slut
Ugh Omg someone come save me.
I really wanna wake up early so I can get a haircut
There's always more to a picture than what is presented.
Thanks for the retweet! You guys are awesome!
My sweatpants are super snug today.
is playing softball. :D
ima take him to your moms early that ok?
Flogging Pancake
Having trouble getting #organic traffic? Try using a high key word density domain name for your business (i.e. citynameindustry.com).
Thanks, Mary!
at the KCA's!!!!!! He kept sticking his tongue out!?!! Ahh too cute :)
Finish this: The competition was stiffer than _______.
wants me to make water for her! can vouch for that.
Very cool, is kinda like Prezi, could be useful for iPad/wkshps (totally in like with the )
Excited to see if Nebraska comes to the big ten.
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people, thanks to Donna Highfill
Good morning!
I just filed the last of my final grades and finished a year teaching a 6/6.
Can't wait to go home & kick it w/ ; about to be a good day & gonna smoke some #Weed #yeahbuddy lol <U+0001F61C>
hahahahahah DONK! he's drinking Foster's!
#Onewaytopissmeoff to fucking talk shit about my family Don't EVER do that >:(
how the baby doing I hope he sleeping though the night god bless you and your husband and the baby wish you well I love you
Mr. M. Shadows in a new interview: "We're going to be doing something that no other band has ever done. The fans will be very happy." :o
why not
Pirates-Tigers also a sellout in Pittsburgh
I can work on my novel, or I can clean house and get my life back in order. Just typing that made me think, "get a voice recorder."
Psych-out album of the new millennium available at www.nasoni-records.com for a taste listen to tracks at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
I don't even want to talk about it! <U+0001F62D> : It's killing me to not be with you two during these intros!
Tomorrow is the #HolidayBowl Cal vs Texas (Go Bears). You probably want to take the Trolley. Our San Diego Trolley is great!
THIS SATURDAY @ CURRENT w/ SiNERGY!! Its gonna be crazy as always!!
i got to talk to you about some one !!! :)
<3 RT : I'm not a beautiful THING, I'm a person. Take me of that pedestal, buddy, or I'll jump off and use it as a weapon.
i just strted randomly thinkin nd this came across my ming if me nd him was still together >.< smh
When your girlfriend/boyfriend say lets take a break <<<<<<<
thankyouu baybeee*: i really want itt! im look at some thign weekend but im pretty sure im gonna order that one anyway :)
And Twitter Fans never play nice. Lol
half of them missed last year.
The Hunger Game
needs live/local/SATRAD opportunities throughout Baltimore/DC and/or voicetracked globally. or 410.790.3675.
That's probably Jimmy excited at his first mention in three months.
I Was Musically Blessed! I Thank You Lord!
My former intern had interns?! How quick they grow up!
Wearing knee brace :(
hey check us out mysoflo.com & follow ... Good to have u down n SoFlo!
We have had some of the same issues :(
tell em not to touch the kicker next time
hey, you're a jerk!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley and John Lennon.
What am i gonna do :(
nice! Well, if you're interested in playing some beer darts let me know.
Good luck with that. :-)
Hi ;D
New on tweet
getting javy guerra's ass out of the closers role!
Rosetta Stone acquired. Let the learning begin!
It makes them not terrorists.
My life is boring
If I were a man I would be scratching my balls right now
if they haven't seen it, they should. Renoir's best
Hi Terry, are you available for a chat, say around 9:30 AM
Fucking come over so we can watch movies and be fat as fuck together.
When is going to finally change its name to "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous"?
Yes sir
AaAaAawww so cute You're the best of all I love you beautiful MUAAAAAAAAAAAHHH ;)
thanks! love that city :)
OMG!! You've GOT to hear this message! It's just 7 min, but u will love it. Call 800-394-6919. Text me after you hear it. So awesome!
The higher that I climb the harder I'ma drop
ghana and bolivia are the only ones that come to mind w that color pattern. but i think im wrong???
Junker at Fiesta Bowl?? RT : Never heard of non-prof exec w 7-figure salary w/ driver & armed security? NCAA Pres Mark Emmert
Men are like mascara. They usually run at the first sign of emotion.
"What is the purpose of a business?" was asked in class.
it's like a super dark red /brown hair color
Thanks to im addicted to Twitter !
LOL i have a feeling the answer to that is terrifying.
oh you know..places! Haha. And yea I haven't talked to you in forever! How's life?
Reading, Writing, It's Exciting, Inc. is a nonprofit program designed to help 2nd graders read and write at grade level.
Happy Veterans Day. Show some gratitude to those you know who served our country for your freedom.
Thanks for reading California Northern magazine!
At the mob scene that is the opening night of Death of a Salesman. !!
Chicken fried rice.... M :)
She Said My Lips Black , CTFU !
I hate the Insanity warmup, but I killed the workout. In the ZONE!
Head over to Green Valley Library tomorrow at 2 p.m. for the Docu-rama Film Series presenting historic Southwest US Films.
#trueblood is like the new television crack. It has me itching for Sunday.
Time to pen the screenplay!
Congrats on the move!
Happy error day!
Before you open your test, take a deep breath to relax.
#AllRelationshipsNeed a sense of humor from both people
Same old Laporta check swing strikeout
will get little bro a set schedule starting next week - sound good?
3rd shift flow
My dude give me too much crap about bein on my phone lol thats the good thing bout him goin home today lol
Had a great time in San Francisco. Heading back home to SoCal!
Soo ready for spring...
Let us #represent your #company at your next #networking #event! Call us for more details! 1-866-694-8528
Thanks for the good butt woopin'.... you can bring it like no other...can't wait to see how I look in 56 days!
I blame Global waaaarrmming?
I just downloaded the app. Kinda neat.
#vsa2011Learning Together: I can't talk about art either. I asked for the Ferris Bueller painting at the Art Institute yesterday.
Playing with fire it's so exciting until you fucking get burned.
i literally just laughed out loud. but let me know if it's good. i wanna see it.
We want to resume tweeting on the Senate debate. Put down your notebook; pick up your BlackBerry!
you don't think giants would take him for single a prospect with Wilson done? Hell, they've had zito for years and he stinks
So one who values the self as the world Can be given the world One who loves the self as the world Can be entrusted with the world
Watching marathon, of "Runs House" on MTV 2! PRIME example of how a family should be/ be raised!
I gotta say I'm just about convinced! Virgin drink pure mouth
check these guys out for all your promotional needs......
The song "Part-Time Lover" never addressed whether or not said lover got health insurance. It's the not knowing that haunts me.
Herman Cain to Gingrich "If you were VICE president what would you want the president to get you to do?" *dreading that already*
#WasHotButNowItsNot the #Lakers, the #Clippers are taking over now
Hey Dear, miss you much...:)
Dear people, it's not "could of," it's "could have." Now please use it correctly. Thanks.
Until 4PM today in Women<U+2019>s Active- Meet Lissette Marquez from & get outfitted by a pro in their last swimwear for Summer!
I will NEVER EVER fall in LOVE,why do fools fall in LOVE????
Clairton High School wassup #SCRSCReamTeam is the building lets get LIVE!!!
Looking forward to the #AMPConcert at 2pm this afternoon!
Headed to in Tyson's for lunch. Always a food allergy friendly experience.
Goodmorning :) Gonna start getting ready for playlist soon!!!!
<U+201C>: was just seen at the #Grammys.<U+201D> LOL:)
Bowen: 3 keys vs. Pats Eagletarian: Les Bowen of the Daily News talks about three keys for the Eagles to follow in order to beat the Patr
All I care bot rt nw is how annoying u r
Flex seal Is liquid redneck lol
I love being one of the five kids that came to school
just seen bad teacher funny as hell didnt think it would be so funny. go watch it
Hi Venetta! Hows the new job? Hope all is well. Miss ya! :-)
Just finished holding the Open Call today for a feature horror film. Thanks to all who came for the auditions!
Did you guys toil over whether or not to support unit stacks and heroes? I miss Master of Magic... bugs and all.
that's how even small towns do it. Why can't a large city figure it out?
Hey, I have no regrets. Were the 999 lines! Were #omla!
Modeling at Sony Online Entertainment (Playstation) today!
I heard What Makes You Beautiful in Body Central yesterday!! People were looking at me because I was singing along lol
word. as you pointed out I do believe there will be a whole lotta schoolin' each other going on...lol!
Climbing Sunrise Mountain on Saturday. 5 hours to get up and 6 hours to get down. Anyone wanna join?
Aww! I miss you so much!!! I can't wait to be in your arms again! I love you more! :]
hay Ron what's up? Just to say that I'm a big fan.I like what you did to mike on jersey shore. You rock bro:)
it my bday today mad happy im 19 have a good safe day twitter
Name this picture book: superhero doll who has like a sponge sidekick and is forced to wear a green wool sweater that unravels.
Mortified that I've been singing the WRONG lyrics to my favorite Thompson Twins song all these years
I think freeways are an easy case (for separation) and broadband is a hard case.
I'm so jelliez!!!
Snow day has turned into a snow week. Tulsa has been declared a disaster area, and the governor has requested FEMA assistance.
what are they?
word up. we'll keep ya posted. thanks for the support and please spread the word! keep tossin'
I want to think that but I also feel like that's idealistic.
girl I waited on him last night. so bizarre lol LOVE YOU and MISS YOU!
gals&guys THANK YOU so much for being our customers! YOU YOU YOU make our success possible and we hope we crushed it with service this year!
Ha! For what?
Sleepy-ish but going to Brian's game
Keep calm and dance on.
He's really good at 2B though, just ask the Tigers pitching staff!
I was really awful last night. I put a lot of pressure on mom's ribs. She woke up crying, but I was pretty comfortable...
#AskIL13 When is it appropriate to increase tax rates?
I have the same name as my stepdad's cousin. Me: Stephanie Rene Garcia Stepdad's cousin: Stephanie Renee Garcia
I am bored
look at the photographer you've become.
Remington Capital Can 'Bridge' Your Loan Requirements.Banks aren't your best bet. Traditional lenders aren't known for being quick.
College Sweethearts Find Love Again After 60 Years Apart, Marry In Their 80<U+2019>s
Prepping for Fridays Westword's Best of The West! Shaving our backs for better aerodynamics and eating as much chili as possible!
WATCHiN MOB WiVES ^.^
already following you! follow me back!
On to the 2nd and it's tied at 1.
So this time, I finally will put my foot down. I'm tired of hearing their crap about how that person hurt them. Guess what?
"if it was 4 hours before my wedding and I looked like that I'd have a conipshit"... I'm in tears
#Scandal is off the hook! They're not playing tonight!
Time to focus. Vacation is over
Happy Mother's Day to all of you special women who've given so much of yourselves to the lives of another!
i like you was talkin that one shit why i wasnt on here nigga lol
How does writing today differ from writing 25 years ago?
Police say XMAS time "tis the season" for such shenanigans. Be safe, friends!
Moving anytime soon? Call us! Our sustainable box system is great for your wallet and the planet! We deliver and pick up. Mention our...
Of course not - only once I'm safely in my knothole for the night :-)
I would so love an awesome name.... Like um Arizona yeah that's pretty or India! :)
Ha! Williamson better not get on the #Stanford team bus today if they lose! Go #Big12!
Just received my first adjustment So awesome!
Thanks for the follow! Keep on dreamin' those riffs!
yes.It is supposedly a profitable venture. But not a major hit.
People on Facebook always over react-_- unlike twitter;D
I'm friends with 'em all drag queens, beauty queens, drama queens...I'm an equal opportunity royalty befriender. After all, I'm a princess.
Are you fucking serious. #BBW I like Tami but she would have had me fucked up and that girl didn't really do shit wrong.
Hitting the shed.
A: Issue of many institutions are going through collections & figuring how to spend budgets, based on what's most popular...
nice! Enough to share? ;)
filtered through a Chemex
I know right! It was mostly all those penalties. I do hope they can come back on Thursday and win the series
"zip car you move me. assisting with grocery runs. and trips to the mall" xoxo, LS
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. ~ Joan Welsh
can't wait to see your dish
The Memphis Grizzlies no longer holds the NBA record for most consecutive losses in the NBA Playoffs. A sight of relief.
Your life is a result of choices you make. If you don't like your life it is time to start making better choices..
It's time to make everything happen starting today, starting right now!
hurts like a bitch to get tat
Love it!
#Draping now there is a trend I can support! The body is relaxed but the mind is working overtime
It was fantastic and all the actors were stupendous.
Someone come to Champaign and hang out with me
Its cause Im Mexican \_(@)_/
why so thirst ? o.O lmaooo
argentina makes good churrasco
Who is the moron that decided to make Tim Brewster a sideline reporter for a Minnesota game?
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own. ~Doug Larson.
simply watching the game
Good morning.... Godbless you all! Have a beautiful day !
Remix changes meaning: requires new critical thinking skills and librarians as mentors JSB
It went away when winning at all cost became more important than protecting player health.
Small business web special. The first two people to contact me via direct message, get their new #website for 50% off!
any word on Diamond?
holly shit! They really look like bandits.
#StayAwayFromMeIf you cant watch a game of soccer
them boys got the sick shit im tellin u...u gone be the only dude with the shit they gone look at ur from head 2 toe
Hey there, sending you an email
at pre-game!..getting ready for tonight!
Jesus is alive !!!!
im here for u
We're SO excited to have you as our photographer!! RT <U+201C>: SO excited to be a part of in November!! Yay!!
<U+201C>: I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you. <U+2665><U+201D>
I know you're no good for me. But I'm so hurt I can't get this off my mind. I feel like I'm gonna be sick <U+E413><U+E023>
I dressed all nice today (which is rare) to work. My boss looked at me and asked me if I had went to a Job Interview? LOL!!!
haha good point
<U+201C>: RT : If I don't fuck with u I don't fuck with the niggas u run with...#SimpleShit<U+201D>
yeah cause everything I tweet is about you..
Simplicity is the key to brilliance. Bruce Lee
#WhyAreYou not talking to me?
RT : How many years have you been craving the #Castle?
it's ok:) haha
Easy Question :] Q: What's Ariana's age?<U+2661>
Ahh can't wait to enjoy the sunshine on lunchbreak #corporateproblemas :)
This day is taking so long
More Bull Shit!
On that grand day, assassination rumors persisted, and I took my position on a horse behind Mr. Lincoln's carriage during the procession.
Watching wrestling documentaries with
thanks my dear friends but you are on the outside looking in......
Visit today Career Fair - looking for FT #sales reps AND business related summer #internships ($15/hour in San Dimas)
got drunk, fell down, ran away lol
New design out soon
accents won't stop
KEEP ON HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING <3
Not just to understand academia, but also to translate it. Challenge for these public intellectuals.
Worst part of being unemployed = no money. Best part of being unemployed = Nap Time!!!
both of you shhh!!
how was your day today
Im gonna keep trying ; <3
Take note " : Rules: Your couch is always open for the night-but more than 3 nights better have a good excuse"
Fair question. Although they probably had a similar number five years ago, no?
The film Black November starring Mickey Rourke & Kim Basinger is set for release this Spring! Yours truly is in it! Premier date coming!
never say never right ! <U+E057> I'll do what ever it takes to make my cousin see you <U+E056>
Oh fun. Let me know what kind of success you have. I want to map my intellectuals...maybe, someday.
Thanks for sharing our news! We are super pumped to be able to provide internet access in 195 countries now.
Great to see hear from you and thanks for checking out Bokeh. Will you be at SIGGRAPH this year?
thrilled to have your follow! You all rock , & have paved way for dev of new funding streams 4 NPOs across the world
Thanks for the RT Jamie! Will you be at Expo this year?
that's what yu get for loving somebody like me .
post it! I want to check it out.
Worship or prayer has to be a full-time awareness of eternal Reality.
Did Godspell not get one nomination?
#3WordsForYou take a bath.
Single ladies - I hike the Appalachian trail on the weekends. I see LOTS of hot, fit men by themselves.
My love is your drug
It's true, but it's not enough. We have an infield full of statues.
do ya wanna know my secret remedy for insomnia?
I did cry a little. Hahahaha.
<U+201C>: Being romantic is so mother fucking gangster.<U+201D> that's some G shit right there!
That would be us. MT : Today, a historic house I did a blog about featured my posting on their Facebook page....
#Amazon's video reviews feature. Nice.
: Stay tuned for details of our 2012 Euro Fest. Last year we gave away a 2 year lease at this October event!
The age gap continues to widen between me & my students, but this crop reminds me more of my own generation than any I've seen so far.
Columbia, where are you hiding your weather machine
A wise man said, "you make a living on what you get; you make a life on what you give."
awesome work!
*Love* hearing my neighbors walk by and saying "Hi " to him in the window.
Randomly bored...wanna go cause mischief w/
sure do love my lewis chicks proud of em all love spending what time i hev w em
i'd pick you up if i could! and get a 2 slice on the way! MISS YOU SO MUCH!
looking forward to #clioF11 posts tomorrow on the unstated theme of history poetics. use #clioF11 as a sounding board!
RT Bieber died on the 1st day of the 5th month, half past september, plus the no. of Jesus' facial hairs equals...girl, shut up!
Scott County leads Ballard 7-0 and the end of the first quarter.
um not wrong at all. If you are a #daddy you do it year round! No validation needed
#itsucks when your 6lb. dog decides to wake you up at 6:30....
you should! This is how we hook kids on science and exploration!
Hurley shirt... black jeans... vans...
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
Thanks to the Artists who have submitted music for our shows! Remember to check the schedule to see what night your genre will be played!!
you too Buddy looking forward to more time and social change for the better
did u get my text?
so so true!!
This shit is makin my headache go away ... Win
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Heidi Klum and Seal have confirmed that they are getting a divorce after seven years of marriage. They were considered the happiest couple.
And now I can say congrats on your Magic Magazine review. :-)
Frenchgay is restored to favor?
#10ThingsIHate when my phone freezes -__-
#ChulaVista council also looking at possible changes to City Attorney's office. A new legislative counsel needed to handle conflicts?
What do women want? We want everything :)
So, now the NFL teams have finally given in and admit even Steelers' road games are home games!
well son .... ithink its time we had "the talk"
I may pop up at an Avs game; I have friends in Aspen and some other place near Denver that I can't remember the name of.
Is this IOS5 iPhone update serious? FOUR FUCKING HOURS? One of the updates helps Siri understand Australian accents. So, I guess I get it.
I keep seeing those too...not falling for those pictures of me...I'm an Audi and look great in every photo ;)
ya love the kidss!
it's been real, Lex.
Who is going to take care of your family when you die???Call me let's make sure they are taken care of 303-922-1001
Today: Panel discussion on Engineering in the 21st century. 5-6:15 Room MEC205, Mechanical Engineering Building at U.Va.
Ahh I hate when a guy take forever to reply back to me!
Disney's road sides posted as if a bewildered two year old just tossed them out in random places. #Disney=epicfail
Did not bring enough snacks today.
what healthy vegetarian options are people serving this Thanksgiving?
Yep...that sounds about right when talking Big 12 football. Snooze-fest!
congrats Liz, you just locked up the "most obvious sexual joke set-up walked into" award for 2012!
Why am I up...and why am I on Twitter??? GN. LOL
Goodman tweet was tying a professional business man with a amateur athlete, that's my problem with it.
How's it going out there?
Being called fat by your family hurts the worst.
John, cant wait until Nov mtg! : Hire for attitude, train for skills, you can't teach honesty, hire slow, fire fast.
"Beauty isn't from a pretty face, but from a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul <3"
challenge accepted.
Omg the teacher played one direction in English. What is the world coming to?!
Not that I a nay sayer, but for collective knowledge's sake - give me three reasons why an iPad would be better?
. Thanks for the follow. What a cool concept you have!
thank you
Oh, it is SO GOOD! Twisted and dark, but incredible! I hope you enjoy it, I couldn't put it down.
can i do it sunday? I'm sry but i don't know how to do it without my phone..
#nw The Wood
and Research and development I'm sure. At least research.
youtube.com/dearsubmarine!
hey ladies, i will definetly have 2 join the chat soon...grad school has taken over, and i miss my fashion world
was this around BU? I've biked up there a few times recently and they like to step in front of me...
Eroding safety net is not RESULT of #GOPFail #Austerity, it's the INTENT!
Cellar Door Records is giving away a ticket to It's today! Tweet us your favorite local band and we'll choose a random winner.
Given the qualities defining Mr. Mission, I'm more like Senior Adviser to the Undersecretary of Fuddy-Duddies.
Thank you so much man for the tweet! we are glad ya dig us! we have more music on the way :)
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
Follow Back ?
okay, now I'm fucking pissed. GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE GARRETT. I'm not trying to get anyone's fucking attention! ----
I really want to sing to this boy at chickfila he so cute lol
There are numerous reasons to have #concretefloor landscape designs like wall space
Nice man, that will take care of my summer travel plans.
Bitter. A cocktail essence, IPA and my current state of mind.
i would already kill him if i was you.Lol.Nahh..
Going to phils game to hopefully get last min tickets !!!
Spring Edition Juror (Deadline, November 15): Trevor Richardson Director of Herter Gallery, University of Massachusetts, Amherst
glad you like itt!!! :)
Our website is now in Spanish. Simply click on the Espanol button to translate.
- Morgan Rhodes is the bomb diggity :)
Yes, #WalkingDead, if you're not going to develop the characters, raise the stakes.
#2011icf Why do YOU think coaching works? Great table discussions... and differing perspectives!
i followed them :)
No, just a few idiots we won't claim. <U+201C>: good to see Kentucky fans staying the least classy people on earth.<U+201D>
yep. That's the one.
Krugman on student loans... Drag on the economy, enormous human tragedy, need a plan for more student aid. Making social mobility harder.
Can't wait for the ICONic Boyz to be on Shake it up tonite!!! So proud of them!!
"Caviar in a Cloud"1 of 14 courses
If you're in Nashville: Benefit concert Wed., 7:30pm, Belcourt Taps and Tapas for a displaced kindergarten teacher. lonirose.com
Come warm up with us! 50% off all apps til 8:30 p.m. See you soon!
Thanks for the follow, Matt!
We love musicians.
yay!! signs on for 2 more years of ! I couldn't image the show without him!!
I feel offended lolz
juggling three facebook convos, 5 aim convos, and trying to do homework is not a good mix. xD
RT Is there an OA option along the lines of Bioscience or ? I'm thinking , but others? cc
dm'ing you right now
Raging at the other drivers provides a nice adrenaline rush to help ease into the day.
going 40 in a school zone and not having on my seatbelt :(
it says "User Does not Exist".......sup?
He who looks for nothing, finds nothing.
Sunday night = feasts
The Expendables 2: Five Things We Learned From the Explosive New Trailer
I agree. I'm taken by her class/grace. I'm beginning the Katherine and her new Beau campaign..
This weekends schedules are up! www.startsmartbasketball.com
Thanks sponsor Universal Services of America!
Don't forget, order holiday cards to send your incarcerated loved ones.
class is back in session! excited to get to work.
i guess your account has been jacked up i m getting weird tweets from u
Out this world
Ugh this freaks me out. One block from my apartment. So much crime lately.
I wanna see some sharkiesss
Would a police-free campus be a good thing?
Are you comfortable taking risks in your org? What would encourage you? Could you do it indepedently, or would you need help?
Just let u kwn I aite no dam fool. Kmsl Motherfuckers this slow no boo
your REALLY cute... just saying :)
and I don't like pumpkins
If the Lakers are indeed swept, moves need to be made to re-tool this roster. This is likely Pau's last year in LA anyways
Louis your gay is showing
follow jennetteccurdy now
I'm so gonna cry for the House series finale on Monday.
Just finished my final ensemble concert as a Juilliard Student!
Was looking forward to S-Jax vs. Metta, oh well. Lets' beat LA anyways.
What'd you get? Fried pie? RT : with their 100th follower!
i feel absolutely horrible
Widdout internet on my laptop until time warner come install my phone, internet, & cable Tuesday. Had to cancel direct tv, not allowed here.
I just remembered I learned how to tie a bow tie last night! BaBAM
Thanks for the RTs tonight Make it a memorable weekend.
why are you getting surgery?
somethings wrong with my time
plus opener against Saints team w/o it's coach
#MikeD resigns? Should have been Mello.
Mah grades are going up WOO!!!!!!!!
We are a ShowRite Feeds dealer in KY! Contact me for your #livestock show animal nutrition.
Gift and a Curse <U+0001F609><U+201C>: #Gemini can be really pissed one minute and then be so calm and happy the next.<U+201D>
acv the good kind. really. I promise.
Day 2 of US National Team Trials. Both our guys in the finals. So far so good.
yes Micah, I'm sure. Haha
Good to communicate, but at some point you have to stop watering a dead plant.
Our twitter avatars should make babies.
Hey it's no problem, hope you and your family get better :)
Al-Mutanabbi Street in Baghdad, bombed on March 5, 2007, was remembered by poets and artists tonight Library
Let's go Green Bay!!
doubt it xD
My roommate and I are heading down there tonight! (I know, I'm exciting) It's been a long while since I've been there.
How to do the ending you suggested for the dual reality coins just popped into my head. Thanks for the idea!
My bad. I forgot where you were way out east. A few beers have already been consumed. Thx for the congrats!
Tonight had a Six Point Bengali Tiger & Virtue RedStreak Cider. Begali, pretty good beer RedStreak - can I invest in this company. Its redic
True friends won't laugh at you for something you think they'd actually laught at.
Yes brother?
First church service tonight on campus! Come join The River SDSU at 7pm in Cholula Hall!
Race tightening and , starting to follow tweople. They're quite interested in your thoughts BEFORE election.
At 6:00 on #7News, the latest on amber alert for 4 month old child. Believed to be with father who's suspect in triple murder.
Honestly, if you say "mum" and you're from America you need to stop.
#BeatTheCeltics yes, it IS possible
Cool! Thanks again :)))
I was having sex to one of Adele's songs last night.... I came tears.
NOW you tell me! I've been holding it in since Saturday night!
This time she blogged rugged austerity
Why do the Bengals continue to have players who feel compelled to earn their stripes?
last of the handbills going out today! so excited!
just purchased both ?after this? by and ?i win? putting both on my iphone cant wait to get my praise on and in!!!!!
boss isn't here yet. He be here soon though. I'll ask him for available dates. I'd guess almost everything's available. Lol
I may not have the 'verified' icon, but I assure you I'm me.
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother :] Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
Help me get to 700 followers!!!
I open up wayy to easily...
there is, but i bought "salty balls"-milk chocolate balls rolled in hawaiian sea salts w/ a macadamia nut inside
Substitute :D
Not yet. Haven't made it to the liquor store. I've thought about it a lot though! Name the day and I will!
They are great, despite her mother!
It's just the stroller wheel in my face.
thanks for the listing for
that just sounds awful. Godspeed, my friend.
At the national EUDL conference in Orlando! Today has been declared official Prevent Alcohol Abuse Day in Orange County!
Hmm. App store by + Mono/Android by = a truly open mobile platform?
great summer plans for the studio - come and sing!
SHINee are just wailing their way through this performance.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 8
Theres nothing wrong ladies givin it up on the first night.its how many ppl u give it that night that can become a problem...#sloppy seconds
Not always, many have program backgrounds. RT : A4: ...boards are made up of a bunch of skills-based volunteers.
A plan is developing
#rbs11 demo'd uploading XML metadata (produced by Duke Accessioner) straight into Excel. Takes Windows 7.0. Can you do this on a Mac?
Trying to check out then off to 4300 Butler for the #LoftParty. Question is #pig, #chicken or both?
Weather WoW!!
Y this lady keep lookinq at me and lmao I wanna BURST OUT && laugh but I can't they keep looking over here at here at us.
Nights like this I wish I was in love!
just woke up ...good morning
wow so pretty!
My nephew just fell off the couch. Ahaha xD
I am genuinely uncomfortable right now.
Happy weekend to you. Paige is currently having her surgery with chemo, then off to day hospital for chemo.
morning wake-up song: "In A Green Space"- Koushik
My television is muted right now, but it looks like Billy Crystal is about to be eaten...
i may have peed on your bed once. and I'm kinda sorry. thats payback for leaving me outside.
Way to go #NHLPA... Thanks for screwing up a GREAT thing with realignment.
-Knock, knock. -Who's there? -Daisy. -Daisy who? -Daisy me rollin', they hatin'.
Mapping out #Caps sked, a killer double-header on Sun 11/7 w/ Flyers at 5p and Land of Talk at Rock & Roll Hotel at 7:30p. Who's with me?
thnx for following me back :)
don't know if I want any. :/
RT if you're online ! (:
She's cute like a dear everyone wants to shoot!
yo be speaking the
TWiTTER iS BULLSHiTTiN, CATCH Y'AL LATER!
Of course there are people who don't believe Obama's views on gay marriage were evolving. They dont believe in evolution anyway.
Back atcha! Have a
any free picks for tonight?
Hahah We would..... but it would end up being fair... in a sweepstakes sorta thing.
InsurTexas is OPEN for business. At this time NONE of our carriers have suspended binding. Please let us know who we can help you and/or y<U+2026>
no problem!:)x
iyiyim.d biz ne ?? .d
Extra ,, university or college based mostly distance learning demands that you manage your specific time and keep inspired
RT : "Your move, Dwight." - Stan Van Gundy
the scarf is very fly. I'm digging it too.
WARNING: Has just digested various high-sugar products; keep your voices down and back away slowly
How many skiers did he pass in the state relay? 4? Wow! Oh, only half as many as your sister.
That's just the Providence in em
I do, but probably not to the detail level you are. And is a spy nut. Likely an exceptional case. I think she is :-)
Ha! Yes. I don't have to kayak to the laundry room, but I can, and it's way more fun than walking!
Since "my kingdom for a horse" no longer really applies, I'm going to start saying, "My kingdom for a 911 Turbo S Cabriolet."
Zecons Minecraft FUN FUN Time Adventure Thing Day 1 - Starts Are Boring - hole saws for wood
tickets to see your tomorrow with the #HotFacebook5At8 keep track of ALL 5 songs for your chance to WIN! Good luck! :) - Chase
ion think u need a ticket.
Welcome to all the new followers! Hope to see you on July 17 at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn at 8am!
I love Jason Mraz!!
No doubt in my mind where you belong. c:
Who needs a boyfriend when you have a best friend like ; love you so much boo. Thanks so much for everything.
Hey Yogie! How are you? Great new cover!!!!
Obama's energy secretary should probably start staying inside more...
Mad Max: Beyond Drupalcon
I know right! Irresponsiblity=fun!
Typical class shown by Steelers fans. Like to hear your mouth when your team gets their asses swept again.
aww thanks Tiwa. Yeah, you're a tad bit late, but I won't hold it against you. Lol
tell your dad he's right! If I wanted to hear Mariah I'd go buy her album and not Jessica's, Its overdone and boring.
i fell asleep like halfway through :( lololol but that's what tonight is for! I'll finish it :)
lol you got that right (:
Per #facebook, about 16% of your fans see your content in their news feed on any given day.
Kinda love split jerks
So what we do know is that Zimmerman WON'T be charged for murder in the 1st degree. How do you feel about this?
Too bad Dick Clark died. My mom was actually on an episode of American Bandstand back in the day.
Always great information.
I feel like I disappoint people by liking CG. I'm so mad tickets are sold out. That's what happens when I stop paying attn.
DAMN I Dont Need BEATS!!! READ MY BIO!!!
Ugh Migraine <U+0001F616>
Taylor lays one in for the #Badgers and the drought ends
Emily is the truth! I Live!
Can't sleep - so excited!
That's some booty! Already outta say it wit ya chest & alright alright alright shirts in my size!!
Lol how long are you in jail forr ?
All I know is that Vic and Gary had the best morning Sports radio show in Denver and why they're not on the air is nuts.
Let's get to 2K by 7pm and follow his big brother they're both cute and so fine
Hey back at ya! And is that the awesome red nose again???
Brad is in... Enough said...
Who am I?
I really shouldnt be watchin a scary movie ryt now!
ok and ur running my battery down lol
Great work! We couldn't have done it withOUT you. Looking fwd to day 2 (& 3, & 4, etc.)
I hate not being able to practice
The RSVP due date isn't for another week or so and we already have 87% of them back. That has to be some kind of a miracle.
A great way for brands to create authenticity and transparency is by not only posting but also responding to others & customer inquiries.
Hakeem Nicks doing the dirty bird to rub it on the Falcons faces.
anybody elses sprint phone acting up?
Wiley & Sons wants to divest itself of Webster<U+2019>s New World "assets." That's the dictionary of record for AP, NYT, et al....
You know its gunna be a good week when prom and your birthday are in the same week
18 days left till Christmas!! Still more shopping to do!!
Ladies! Shame shame! Miss you both.
Nugget Nectar now on draft. Come and get it.
welcome! take care!
Did you get to meet at the Musicares event a few years ago? I know you performed for her.
I was still holding strong at 92k and have yet to check on the info posted. Have you heard?
Ionisation is awesome. And I'm not talking about physics.
All brides & groomes to be - follow #KnotCocktails for a twitterview w our mixologist Christy Pope from
Tonight after 10, we've got great Nite Owl Specials. Our place is definitely worth checking out late at night!
Don't forget Ashley's wine tasting tomorrow.
keep laughing, you'll find out
What's the word on Boris?
Cnt Tell A Grown Man Wat To Do Wit His
Learning to use "faith's confession of God's Word" to declare how deep in God we can go instead of how many more things we can get.
In high school the first time I got suspended/ took of her suspenders and had them legs suspended
Just saw that you are on the Hunger Games soundtrack. Thats so awesome! CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to hear!
That reminds me of the song "I Can't Drive 55". "What used to take 2 hours now takes all day..."
Expect a catch up call here this weekend!
Finished a love type song. Its only 1 verse & then the beat plays for the rest but it kinda gives a side of me not many ppl have seen b4.
please follow me i had to make a new twitter
That prediction is bold as that tie/vest/jacket combo.
it is b-e-a-utiful out =D
only about 2 weeks left of school :D
What better way to make money on everyone's fears and nightmares
Jingle Bell Run this Sat Don't forget to take your reindeer antlers and your ugliest Christmas sweater :)
Thank you again
ha! Just like Deb said, we'd be obsessed by the time we left.
lol. Yeah, was a joke!
's 'back in your arms' stuck in my head.
UW-Milwaukee School of Continuing Education instructor, Richard Hallberg, organized the Spanish Immersion day and tonight's activities for <U+2026>
Thoughts on best new show? "Outsourced" looks like it has potential, didn't like "$#!@ My Dad Says" much.
RT : Please follow and RT new family owned sandwich shop opening in the #Vegas Arts District
ABC thanks for showing that Bynum tip in 10 times, but not Gallinari's sweet baseline spin on Kobe.
I feel like a laugh im gonna post some jokes...okay...okay!! Here we go! Ahh crap the dog came to me with a beer again! Dang it!
I can't see that emoji iPhone symbol
An open mind is a healthy mind.
Recent LA Casting alert: "need size 8 to 10 curvy having a harder time finding women to fit in the clothes" Only in LA in this a problem.
Lol Okay Call Me !
It's the first time we've ever had it for more than a weekend. Usually I find live streams online!
And with his 84th block, Anthony Davis over takes Dinner Bell Mel and Andre Riddick for the single season block record
yup but I'm leaving Tommorrow
thanks so much! Happy New Year!
When you read a newspaper, periodical, book, or online article, do you keep a notepad and pen nearby to catch ideas? I'm guilty of it.
Can't wait to see! How exciting. I'm so jealous!
well if you know where to get one then yeah
i woke up about a half hour ago n cnt fall back asleep. So im just chillin. Haha
We like shout outs! Del Rey in Belltown ;) All night happy hour tonight, 1/2 off tequila makes the rain go away?
Can't wait for my braces to come off (;
100% ready! Can't wait <U+201C>: That sucks. How is Jorge Lopez looking before his fight on Tuesday?<U+201D>
Hard part of process is listing your strengths-how to celebrate them? We're trained to focus on our faults
anticipating the arrival of to North Philly
chas scooping me...let's do whatever my freng..lol
you just have to keep an open mind. And be brave. And creative. I alter most of my vintage and thrifted clothes.
just relaxin at home how u doin by da way
proving nothing. What u've argued is 'slavery is that act of possessing something, and all animals r something.' In reality u'r
my ear hurts :(
I make a mean oatmeal.
I don't get payed enough
Sooner than later.
Need sleep :/
We want examples of your super meals. Let us know what your favorite nutrient packed meal or snack is!
<U+201C>If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.<U+201D> ~David Viscott
that's a good way to think :)
How's your Ipod doing? xD
The College Park IKEA sees it's very first...?? Watch GMM at 5:30a on to find out!
There is no greater ally than a teacher, says
Why must my dog be a simp?
YES sir!!!
Bridesmaids was hilarious. #your review was wrong
me too n it still works! well for my dad haha
Justice for Justice: Reward swells in Texas animal cruelty case
RT : In your community, do u see issue w/ educating boys? We're exploring question w Daniel Brenner at iChallenge
VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!!!!
woah the guitarist from a band I follow just had the exact same tweet word for word one minute after you did
So today I miss my Grandma so much ,
Have a great weekend!
I feel like this pregnancy is going by soo fast
Didn't even think of that. #Pollyanna MT BTW I am afraid of what I will find if I click on your hashtag
I'm so hungry. It's not even funny :'(
chinese new year parade in chinatown !
Are you in DC again ?? Love and miss the grill!!
College is so much better than high school! I actually enjoy getting up and going to school :)
What up doe!!!
Ya totally I love the Heat I am from Miami :P but the Celtics are a close second
12 Days o'Twitter: On 9th day of Twitter Santa Claus gave to me 9 maids a milking (who wouldn't like that?) f/8 & be there AGENCY VII 6GB...
Really proud SVB is supporting in Dublin today. Good luck to the 10 presenting companies.
Oh dear, hopefully the melties will lead to a nice exhaustion factor now.
Our schedule is full for today. Limited available time for Thursday.
well since no one wants to play my little game...scree all of u..lol jk not really-__-
Late on this reply...but I prefer smart Hulk.
"we should go train hopping" "god, this isn't the 1930's"
Anybody have any good book recommendations?
John Harnage - Because I Want To...A Journey - the expression of passion thru dancing
-- and no..it's not to soon for the WH jokes.
query, u look like a hard ass...
. "How oil is being stolen in Nigeria?" really? that a bio of ? you fuck over destitute people & environment. wtf do you expect?
correct. It is essentially one big Conference USA, with a playoff.
"You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats.
DIRTY BOY!!!
I'm the reason why you always getting faded , take shot for me.
it's pretty much the same thing so it works haha. But I've done that before:p
Hey Media. Keep showing the Riverwest riot video some more parents feel pressure to turn in their heathens.
Itd be nice if the immaterialist didnt get sick since his body doesnt exist.
lol how long is he keeping it?
Looking for healthy fish choices? Try wild Alaskan sockeye salmon, sardines and trout.
#onlyskinnyppl go to planet fitness put baby oil on look in the mirror and not lift a damb weight
In need of a low-cost beachfront wedding ceremony/reception venue. Any thoughts? Thank you!
bout to take pics with this webcam.
i need to follow me
any graphics I can help you with?
I dont give a shit anymore, think what you think, believe what you want, but remember i cared when no one else did.
really weird. Peyton has been a class act the entire time. I think he's done in Indy sadly. Hate to see it going like this.
About to take Spikey for a little morning walk :)
#MustFollow she's
Associated Press has reported Whitney Houston has died at 48 years old! So sad, more tonight on 10 on ABC5.
haha I know you broke up with him! <U+2026>I'm soo proud:)
cutest couple pretty much ever <3 so stop hiding it haha
Loving #DerbyonNBC constant on-screen integration for #KentuckyDerby coverage on
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (rvzo8)
when did you get back to NYC?
burt would only appear on the list as turd ferguson - once it hits 20 candidates we'll put it to a vote!
That's a ridiculous sexy photo.
About to tweet from USC Teaching With Technology conference #usctwt12 to hear
then lost them both w/ a letter only saying the government changed the wording...then got paid off 3 months later w/higher rent
Probably it's a good idea not to ship in guns to Mexico!
"Didn't like the call from Angel Hernandez"... seem to be hearing that a lot.
Man it feels like I been away that's what life does super busy but lovin Life to the fullest :)) Elysce Baby everyday all day :))
in running a 1/2 in Columbus tomorrow too - will be thinking of you both!
how abt no more than three - aim for one or two. Shorter is better. Sry abt that!!
Im pretty tired of this shit and wanna go home
Leadership is about understanding that you can only reach your own goals when you focus on the goals of others.
Just brewed some Stumptown coffee in a Chemex pot, if you guys were wondering what that disturbance in the Hipster Force was.
#lastthursday Ambassadors are located every two blocks. Got questions? Look for the white shirts and make sure to say hi!
OH at #interop: "is a monkey kosher?" /CC
has the most random bruise on her hand.... Where do these bumps, bruises and cuts come from?!?!?
Order 15+ 8<U+00D7>10<U+201D> DirectOutput HD Prints on 1 order & instead of $17 each it is only $1.95 each. Offer extended until the 31st of Jan!
single release Party this Friday for hit single "it ain't nothin" feat #MMINATION RT PLS...<U+201D>
thanks for the inspiring and thoughtful blog post.
GRANDer_ICONiac Problems && I Do Wanna Go Because Of You Guys My Friends And Santos
Your order is on its way!
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock I say rock on. Hey! Rock on-Van Halen, And The Cradle Will Rock
not if i carry u on my bak
Although my pic didn't win (Jericho) still one of the best Rumbles ever! Very entertaining
A shout-out to on her birthday! Happy Birthday, Lisa!!!
As is mine. ": ": 30 Rock live... This Thursday." Thank you, Alec. DVR set."
yoo!! i called u
VOD down for 4 days like everyone else. You guys need to let people know what's up. This is how we watch TV.
LOL yes, yes you do
I hate autocorrect. Stupid Itouch. Oh hey. Anson finally followed you :p
I wonder what that was. A lot of people were screaming 0.o
Blah blah blah
CONGRATS AND MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU.
I feel like I'm going to see him even less then I already do .
3 standing ovations this past weekend, Chicago is definitely my knid of town!
Tears OF joy!<U+201D>)
hey deer foot
Today was a good day.. I didnt even have to use my A.K.
farm there now.
Uploading a behind the scenes video right now for my new track, Attitude. Get excited tweeps.
I went to a boxing match once and a hockey game broke out. Love the fights on ice....better than Disney on ice haha
Ugh...sun is so bright today!! #NeedShades. Blaming and
damn Bosh yo bird ass jus had to get hurt
Why Cynthia tryna be all hard? Girl, please. Next. #RHOA reunion
You're a genius. But Little Stevie is too good for that show, right?
The first week of classes are under our belt! Also excited to see the program expanding! Tell your friends to take Chinese too!
So proud of the Oklahomies who made BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING. It's one of the most well received films I've ever seen at
Charlotte NC, Memphis TN and New Orleans book your Tree Braids tour to your city now while there is space www.hairgynesis.com
no sir
Unless code someday becomes self-aware, people are higher-leverage. /cc
#CrossFit on a Saturday is always brutal. Good to know that NFL QBs like grind it out at CF too.
How did the weekend go?
happy mother's day to the *best* mother in law ever, ! I love you so, so much. I would not be who I am today without you! xoxo!
...something is just missing.
When I'm bored, nobody texts me. When I'm busy, my phone blows up!
awesome, thanks for the quick fix & the reply! :)
less than 24?! It's less than 3 for us! Cheese binge!!!!
We'd love to have you! Got a good selection of boutique wines in last week, and are really excited about the feedback!
Things are good. Great series so far. Sorry the weather is not cooperating with your weekend plans. See you on Monday.
Logistically, it is difficult as a developer to balance consumer wants from social media platforms -
I'm just so bored.
I just heard Carrie Underwood's new song. I LOVE it! About time she comes out with new music. :-)
Looks like the next two days I'm gonna be living off of Starbucks DoubleShot Espressos and gluten free yogurt-covered pretzels.
Caleb's convos at lunch >>>>
My last mention was 2 days ago... Sad life :(
"The future has a way of arriving unannounced." George Will
Victory is mine, victory is mine, great day in the morning, Donna, for victory is mine, bring me all the finest bagels & muffins in the land
Ever do something in high school you weren't proud of? I know I did. 17 yr old me did a lot to make 34 yr old me blush.
Ashford addressing libraries who don't collect R-rated movies. "We have R-rated BOOKS at the library..." True dat.
Seriously y'all, parts of Ponce are closed this weekend while the new Beltline bridge is finished. Try to walk over my way, ok?
thanks. i pray it goes well.
What's the number?:)
when are you coming back to chicago?
We're sharing our family secrets... The Milano Inn cookbooks are now on sale - get your copy today!
I had to google this definition: I thought it was when you hit your ball off the course into the rough & have to play it anyway. Too poetic.
Okay, feeling good about where I'm leaving the design for the night. And now back to the code.
Somebody at tonights #mbta meeting please ask how much of a PAY Increase $$ #MBTAGM & MBTA employees get once Fare hike is approved.
How does it sound if we spend the night out?
Well, what do you know? I now have a Sphynx cat following me. Can't IMAGINE why....
Thanks #alabd11 Eat crayon and popp rainbow is my new
Campus jurisdiction, campus system, based in ed mission? That's my basic understanding.
first follower!(: #twitternoob!
send me some Goodmorning Loving <3 :)
Like, I've never met a set of labia I *didn't* like. In fact, I always wanted to meet more of them, have a chat, get to know 'em better.
Burns: It also needs to assist big #business in coping with change, development, competition, and embracing #entrepreneurial thinking.
By not talking to #NFL, #Saints allowed Goodell to formulate own opinion based on gatherings. Players can't b*tch & moan cuz they took 5th.
Happy Star Wars Day, "May the Fourth be with you!"
hello. i''m hungry.
#Breathecarolina kind of morning. #TheVow tonight :)
Dang i feel as if im moving out!
sweet! My all-time Fav Qb! Montana !
Watching Color Splash. I think I want 's laugh! Maybe the body too if any fairy godmothers are reading...
CBI Tourney - For Non-Championship Games- In Past 4 Tournaments the Over has been 73.6% - This yr's CBI so far the Over is 87.5%
Tomorrows plan - school, work, gym.
Sassy Saturday, yeah baby! I'm spendin it n the house. Lol
hows a reg guy like me feel sorry 4 million/billionaires?All u make big $.Leads 2 higher ticket prices/stuff-cant afford 2 go
Have an #edtech story tip or idea? DM or email me at troscorla at convergemag.com
if you hear my cry, running through the streets. i'm about to freak, come and rescue me.
#freshmanyeartaughtme how to really party.;) thanks semo.
What a game! The draw is fine by me, too.
I can't really consider myself a true 'gaming expert' until I get my #poker skills up to at least 'decent,' so that's what I'll have to do.
there's so much pressure to stay at the top it's ridiculous. I'm worry they'll be a mass exodus this summer if they don't win it
Wow! It doesn't get much better than that card. Classic :)
Ok. Yang has worked last nerve. #greysanatomy Just lock her in a room with a scalpel and cadaver.
photo shoot time!
I like Billie and Ella singing the classics. And Fred Astaire actually. And some days I'll listen to Django every waking hour.
S/O... Get moving, harder to hit like that!!!
You going see the avengers this week
Campbell Cnty District Judge Karen Thomas, NKYEC BOD receives KY Bar Association Award
plzzz follow me??? :D
I can't sleep, missing somebody. I wonder what would do?
Sarah my sexy sheep buddy ;) Love you
Indeed! RT : I just voted. . . please don't forget to vote. Democracy is not a spectator sport.
Motorola Triumph
Thanks hun, just trying to be cool like you!
What? You can't see them?
We hope everyone had a safe and wonderful Halloween! Cheers to a new week!
Planning a rummage sale! Mostly baby and young boys clothing and toys odds n ends Might sell my Harley jacket. Sorta hard to do
hey I still wore what an avg fan would ;) - for other games I've gone crazy though haha
which convention center are you visiting? I can let you know the distance from the hotel.
that is a bomb ass clock!
I hooked up my phone to the speakers in the car so I'm blasting Y100!! Omg #SAYSOMETHIN IM SO PUMPED
do you have household fire extinguishers?
I do I do, but I think I'll look a bit crazy if I do that by myself
Some people in poverty have more sex, because it doesn't cost money to have sex. The other people are focused on money making.
Which President dedicated the San Diego County Administration building in 1938?
Look forward to seeing Monday. Her polymelodic vocal and bass interactions are ridiculous. And, I envy that gorgeous natural.
yeah, theres another video. I need to retire.
<U+201C>: here's to the kids who always wait until their phone has 1% of battery to charge it.<U+201D>
Will be covering Victoria Tea Party today at Ted Reed Park. Stay tuned for more.
Wasn't that a neat story?
I don't listen 2 4 the lyrics ... I listen strictly 4 the beats!!!
Jay Giesen from Brunner discussing the Digital Revolution.
The final concurrent session at Faculty Academy begins!
no gentlemen?
first day on set. third department of show so far.
Considering digitization of culture as a civilizational task and could be considered the challenge of our generation. Ben Vershbow #web wise
Man im excited about Christmas. Who wants gifts?
We will be announcing our Raffle winners from Friday nights Head to Sole fashion event!!! Keep your fingers crossed!
one more in the name of love
When I'm in Super Focus mode, my other 4 senses are on OFF.
I WANNA SEE THE VIDEO !!
I hate typos. My own more than anyone's.
Skip Bayless backs up his point with facts, but argues his viewpoint saying you can't use statistics
Thanks for the RT!
I think I'm angry with you.
how was Raw? The last show I saw was Raw at YUM center in december
with my eyes closed! Happy Easter bud
im a pacmanator
I should start hosting viewings closer to the series finale. Lots of fans of Eureka. Even &
I'm on my way lol
Olympus Shareholder Meeting Turns Into Surprise Party
Lovely dinner at the Columbia University Club of New York.
Game of Thrones tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom a girl could ask for! Sure we argue (alot), but it's only because I'm just like you! Love you always!
Whats going on with Kony Uganda?
Finish the 'Best Seller' I've been working on for two years, donate a generous % to the causes I support, promote awareness
My Eating Tour of the Eastern Seaboard is now in jeopardy
Looking at #mw2011 schedule - geolocation, AR, and linked data all at the same time on Thurs? Oh the tough decisions!
my girl
I love my weird life.
Oh iSwear The World Better Prepare For When iM A Billionaire (:
Tech savy Teriyaki Burger....with spicy fries and a coke please! Fuse lunch is looking great!
Would you like your original music featured in the Arrested Development Documentary? Let us know then.
tried to get there this am but couldn't get it together - looks awesome tho! #jealous See you tomorrow morning?
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
I noticed that too - it's the little tweet gremlins.I noticed I am not following other people who I previously followed as well x
on the NEW SEED -- Sorry so late... Not sure if we are FAM anymore BIG UPS to family & fatherhood none the less!
where are u at? :D
my mansion after this game for drinks?
Ditto! RT : Great catching up today folks!
Congrats to for hosting a great SOLD OUT show with Thanks for letting me be apart of it.
Thank you for the retweets! We are excited to see people promoting our clinics!
Haters Only Hate The Things That They Cant Get And The People They Cant Be.
just watch your new video! fell inlove with yur music!! #1 FAN RITE HERE!!((:
I've had to enter emails and pws about 100 times on the iPad. Anyone have a way to auto this?
Men's tennis vs. Hanover today at 4:30 on Mount TV 2.
TO MY HAIRS.
I'm jealous, I'd kill for a po boy right now. Take food pics!
I feel for you, truly.
The tin can collection got under way and we collected in two days 157 tons of tin cans. Now, that's just a whole lot of tin cans. [1942]
Thankfully Debbie doesn't mind hungover daughters at her mother's day brunch.
Best juicer ever
Me too! Did you buy the first book yet?
I have not blogged about solar sector in a while..maybe its time I do!
"You look like a prostitute" thanks for calling me a whore in a nice way :P
That song kills me every time. Over and over. It is guilty of multiple homicide; lock it up for life in the prison of my ears
aight bro im bout to right now
Shrek wakes up when he feels like it, pours on a bucket of filth and greets the day with a "humph". Im like that but with more of a "hey"
Love the show and your leadership style: common sense, and what's best for the brotherhood.
Lol,alright,why?
please rt if u didn<U+00B4>t now you have ecuatorians fans
agreed. I miss you all the time. You are very irreplaceable.
Yeah. It's the weirdest thing.
Exciting weekend. Magic, a wedding, water guns, and hiking. Monday, you suck.
so fucked for this test its disguisting
The Skort, skirt in the front, shorts in the back; it's like a mullet for your butt.
<3 <U+201C> without you two I don't know what I would do<U+201D>
Bummed to be missing tonight at Water St, but pumped to see him in Aug at Outside Lands.
Working today at South Park Mall, Gotta love #xmas gotta, love anyone else working holiday season
can u convert that price for ur magazine to american dollars please? I have have 7 yr old PDD andwould like more info
I dont click links of people with eggs for pictures..
what about djs
c'mon clouds... LET IT RAIN ALREADY!
Just chilin at home.
Had to TURN UP!! | <U+201C>: My nigga Went Next level in Dat gym today<U+201D>
Great thank you! These are both very helpful. Appreciate it!
I just know that owes me a dollar. >_<
<U+201C>: 4:20 is just "everybody talk about smoking weed" day. You fuckers act like its not something you do daily<U+201D>
I find millenials will spend a lot on their kids rooms...the more expensive the crib the more value they see in it.
not weird! I need halp! There's so much to do. I don't have doorknobs.
You laugh because I'm different........... I laugh cause I just farted!
Don't worry about avoiding temptation - as you grow older, it starts avoiding you. ~Author Unknown
Baseball really is a game of Inges.
All My Best. Just get better. We will miss you but look forward to your return. We need you.
Thank You for your service!
Thanks very much.
White Castle!
Go and follow and then so you get an instant followback! CHECKING the first 25 only who do it! so #Go!
Texas? blank stare...
NO! Hey, boy's turn around! Walk this way! The milkshakes are over here!
DANCE FOREVER IS MY FAVORITE OKAY? It has been decided because I love everything about that song. The bass, vocals, drum, guitar, AND video!
Prayers to the Seau family..
Hey Terrie, Thanks for checking us out, we are following back. Have a great one!
Native Foods 1 of my favorite LA vegan restaurants is opening in Chicago next week in Wicker Park, Milwaukee1484 N. Ave (@ Honore). Yum
If I don't talk to someone soon I'm gonna scream.
RT<U+201C>: Tomorrow we are going to have an epic podcast! We welcome !!<U+201D>
hahahaahahaha no no i lost it way back when..before they graced us with their presence
In the realm of "hey look at me!" cultures, motorcyclists are the least subtle.
"The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. - Anthony Robbins
I love losing followers! C'mon, keep unfollowing, this is exciting!!!
we finally droppin next month.... release date will be soon
Puerto Rico can vote in partisan primaries, but not for U.S. president. In Nov. 2012, the PR population will vote on a statehood referendum.
Venice beach ca is where I belong
Might be given the OK to start walking again at my appointment tomorrow!
<U+201C>: #MentionTo someone through your rise and fall has been your only friend.<U+201D>
Design Tip: If you want a room to help you feel energized, use red and orange colors. www. cliointeriordesign.com
it's DUCK CURRY! Lmaooo RT ": Dinner ; Curry Duck,Dhal,Rice,Roti :)<U+201D>
GREAT game tonight! So proud to be a Bucks fan!
- We aren't as divided as you think we are. When all he__ breaks loose we'll all be Americans again.
#smwbake BEST COOKIE
aww man I'm sorry! I didn't see you :(
loving your icon ;) haha
fucking hate my lit assignment
how was social D???
thanks Joel, sounds like a REALLY productive day! Love it!
if i don't answer my phone .. it's probably cause i am dancing to the ring tone
Ernie doesnt know what an ipod and headphones are
Thunder are prone to giving up leads, but Lakers will need to slow it down and get better possessions
at first lunch! Ahaha.
Game 6 in Boston Go Hawks Go Atlanta
There is no way you can live by faith and not have trials. But just know that you have the victory and that you already have won!!
More dj' ing and singing than writing... lol
There is never a dull moment in Polk County. This is getting ridiculous.
Haha! I haven't! Surprise though, that the shock n' delight continues in the office
#ICanHonestlySay I hope and pray I get this promotion today.
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
He is home in VA. Tell the other fellas to pick it up
It always happens i should be used to it
Awesome! I'll check that email. Need to bounce over to the parents and grab their paper.. be back in a few.
Haha, oh Christ, I RT'd this without seeing it...faaaack. #ThisIsWhyImACartoon ;)
What are sports fan's doing today? Any games going on?
#coffee motivate! Motivate!
<U+201C>Who dat<U+201D> didn<U+2019>t start with the New Orleans Saints but in a vaudeville shows in the late 1800s and was used by jazz musicians in the 1920s.
Rope some dope
In Florida at annual Palm Beach Photo Centre FOTOFUSION Saw Joyce Tenneson Jimmy Colton Robert Farber Ross Whitaker at tonight's exhibit
My father used to say "agree with everybody but have your own way at the end of the day" This could be a YES strategy :)
have you missed it at all? Why did you delete yours?
Lakers biggest lead in three games.
I reckon only a few hours. All good. Totally worth it :)
Hello mr. Chung
so upset.
Proper Twitter shout out to for having the crew out to #Buffalo to rock his album release party!
My ped pals will put a Oohhh to the glamor of your feet. Even the1st washing w/a ped. pal will promise that you and your sandals will smile
James Atlas article in NYTimes provokes thinking - loved quote from Walt Whitman <U+201C>I loaf and invite my soul.<U+201D> Less superness more loafing
Fuck mindless behavior damn
Damn #Knicks are fighting till the end vs.
I think that's a good reason for me to learn learn how to ride a motorcycle.
My previous RT really resonated with me. I love leading post-shows and I guide my talks similarly. Good read
those are amazing. You should be proud.
#FF , and They've all got great tips and info to share!
Ivan b. (stop) was dead for 4 hours.(stop) arose like Lazarus thanks to s tequila Gatorade. (stop). Go lakers (stop) m-code
Literally just woke up, and I am STILL exhausted!
You KNOW I am since 8:30 pm et!! LOVE U SY!
"And none for Gretchen Weiners...." STORY OF MY LIFE
um you tell me!
Exit row! Score!
Marketing genius! Better than the Dead at the Pyramids!
Is anybody selling a Fender or Marshall amp?!! I'm LOOKING FOR ONE!
right just keep it moving something's are just meant to be
Ugh I love so much!!
roll with it everyone feels like that sometimes. Make your own luck
I am seeing lots of on tickets. When was the last time you heard below face value? Brockton Rox games with Bill Buckner or Sux
I came to school right when we got out of 2nd.
Of a parameter, the API docs say, "Generally treat as read-only." Of these docs, I say, "Oh for crying out loud."
RT : It dont matter If we in a relationship. If we got that "thing", i should hear from you every day. Period
Any web designers out there? We're working on a few new projects and are looking for someone who can rock some CSS design!
I'm surprised they aren't giving more info. I'm headed to find out what's happening. Any idea where the ground activity is?
id give anything 2 make it big
+1RT : I miss the fat
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to stay with you forever.
I'm having one of those lazy days where I'd rather throw out my dirty hot chocolate mug, than clean it.
I love rainy days! In those days I love watching some films or Austin's vids! It's so cozy...:)
mhm. Like ok I DID think it was kayden but it's not. So now idk who it could possibly be. Or like why would someone do tht?
Today was some day. Began with a discussion with Parkside's chancellor and ended with a call from Madison's. Everybody
Just came home to eat the rest of the Fettucine Alfredo and some oreo snack cakes. Ill cry in the morning.
Seems to be the trend
She was also pretty public with Ms. Jenkins, imo
I hate that I've been sick since thrusday tottally bull
haha nice! I always come at night! I haven't came in like a week though cus I've been sick :/
We are getting ready to take the stage at ! FPL stage @ 6pm!
great to hear! Thank you for the support :)
Intro College Writing: "Did you see that Derrick Rose jump shot last night?" "Daammnnn!!!" "Miss Jennie, what are we supposed to be doing?"
did he say what the reason was for the different names?
Excuse me, ma'am. You have a little face on your make up..
it is funny ant it
Hope you enjoyed the #MonkeyAdored romp.
...in the immortal words of Jack Sparrow, "Why is the RUM always Gone?!" Happy Friday to you all!
so much to study. where do i even start
what a loser.
Burberry is a young, old company that attracted millennials through the digital differentiator.
We need a bntlouisville...
Had an interesting visit with in their new digs at
this not being able to leave the house crap is a joke. If you really have done nothing wrong than you say just that
Always remember......
Welcome back high school interns Rashida and Shakera! Glad your next semester started & that you'll be back in action this afternoon! #FUN!
I got them, I just was out of the room for a few minutes talking to Jamie. Thank you for the love and support you give me! <3
hows the bay area looking bro
Ross has now received the proper jersey and the bullpen is dying.
me is it video or just chat?
What about the red-headed fat guy with the beard that stands at an odd angle in his commercials? He looks legit.
for real I knew how that went
What's everyone up to today?
As soon as the moving dust settles...sound good?
Caput with the helper on the Brodeur goal
the daily routine u know
Thanks to all that came to last night's , to for hosting, & to for drinks! Join us 2/15 @ Nattys!
Uhmm, you are at a BAND BANQUET!! Why the hell do you look like a whore!? psh,
Thanks for the love :)
If your YESes are in alignment with expansion that supports your awakening and evolution .. GREAT!
***www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Playing jazz... at a house party... and people are listening (!)
Title Fight with Friends, Captain and Jack and you singing along on Thursday. Awesome.
Your welcome. How was your week?
Ranking Is My Goal
Good morning! Nice to "see" you.
Looking forward to speaking and meeting everyone at today's #bdi forum on BtoB social communications!
How is it possible that so many doctors are so perpetually late? New policy, they pay the cancellation fee if they miss by 45min or more
let's get in those playoffs and I can so seeing that happen!!
I'm not sure why it hates women and thinks that earls "hear voices," but it seems to. Yikes.
watching how i met your mother until i knock out. goodnight everyone (:
Bangin this school out, and workin on my music.
I Never said it was not sad but really there was noone who he could go see for help .Hell I went a doctor as a teen .Now 35
2 days in a row I go to the K just to see the Royals blow it late in the game
its sucking very much right now.
Any ?s RE: or anything else for &/or special guest co-host ? Tweet at us NOW!
Just found two old Celtics game day publications, One autographed by Antoine. GIDDY.
This flight is so early I had to set my alarm for a time that is occasionally the time I go to bed.
A Year In The Making.... One more hour. COME ON.
doing great!!! Thanks for asking!! Have a wonderful day!
no yours is much worse
That feeling when you realized you put your skinny jeans in the dryer.....
Headed over to to start prepping for our anniversary party
Giants get former USC Trojan LB Keith Rivers from the Bengals. :)
Decided to stay in a hotel instead of with family.. It was just way to stressful last Nov.. Too much damn drama! (:
Nice catch. That's hilarious.
I had a lot of people ask me how much I got paid for my last project. They have me all wrong.
Our daily lives begin and end with gravity and our response to it determines how we will feel each day. Posture makes perfect.
please follow me!
There is only one thing i hate more than my unibrow and that is.. Being dropped off and not picked up on time.
Say What #heat got their a$$ whooped ? Ha
Steven Jo is a damn fool.....
You're right. Peaches are jucier!
MATC student login is down for maintenance...fingers crossed that its because they are posting every1s fafsa award.
Can't decide whether #Ruffles or #WavyLays are better...it seems like they're basically the same thing...
Tom T. Hall will be at tomorrow night...and so will I.
e a ah ahh
It's Dia De Las Madres in Mexico today! Happy Mother's Day to all of my Mexican mothers celebrating today!
Nomads new album "No Magic" is amazing and comes to your favorit label early december!
RT he should tho, bruins love bill wisdom we have confirmed with Bill Walton that he DOES NOT have a twitter account.
#ThingsIDislike shallow people
Just rolled a phatie na its tyme to ride to Pluto n Mars
#IDidntTextYouBack because you said we weren't friends earlier.
Maroon 5 would be a great show.... have you ever seen them live?
I'm all better now, turns out i didn't have a broken neck, it was a stiff neck, i guess there is a difference, according to "webmd"
happy birthday!!!
Watched on the voice because he told me to. Made my night, you never disappoint.
what's so funny?
I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused. How are personal brands bad?
at least choose gin.
um Idk prob going to my Mamaws house :P
Thank you all to who attended, shouted out, and mentioned my #sociallaw talk -
Wow Jim Harbaugh skipped his post-game press conference..
Just click on the #EBUS118 link in any of my tweets to follow along.
We totally aspire to be as awesome as WarmGun! We even have speaking :-)
aw really?! Thanx:)!
go into notification settings then messages then turn off "show preview"
New version of #virtualbox out (v4.0) and it's sweet! New, sleek UI. 4GB ram support for 32bit clients and lots of fixes/improvements.
Just had a much needed breakthrough with the lil sis. We all needed it, n I'm glad she did it.
After hearing Mickelson's hall of fame speech, I'm starting to like him.
We want to know! Do you get BBQ sauce all over your face while eating ribs or do you eat them with a fork?
Come and work off that dinner in Stan's Lounge!
We had an Internet outage in our Library and Dept. of Imaging Services but we are now back online! Sorry for any delay in emails.
Authorities: Body of missing NJ teen found in green acres park in burlington twp
"Gotta take an hour nap before T2" is not something I ever imagined myself thinking.
Hahaha I love that you remember that! It's so unforgettable and would be an overnight YouTube sensation!!
If the flyers focused more on getting the puck then hitting they might actually have a chance in this game
<U+201C>: them heat fans looking like us lakers fans lol<U+201D>
PENALTY, Stephan Deroux gets his 2nd of the game. on the power play
thank God she isnt.
Percy must be feeling well.
Thanks so much!
Hey everybody
Awesome closing session by
why not be happy Because if you're sad. You are sad all the time you will be crying all the time.
Oh LoL Ok, Damn Technology Has Come A Long Way.. #Salute Fam Thankz For Answering My Question!
First trip to last night for Valentines Day, and have to say it was definitely all it's cracked up to be. Top notch!
Easter Sunday Mother's receive complementary unlimited mimosas, kids under 10 enjoy a free entree off the kids menu! Easter Bunny at Brunch!
and all the boys and most of the girls pushed me and tamia away before we hit her ...
Just text me when you get there so I can meet you :) I'll probably be by the merch table anyway lol.
who called you that?
i was actually thinking about getting shrooms this weekend
I just really wanna unload all my feelings on here but I don't want everybody at school to know what's going on in my brain.
If Darrell Waltrip makes one more Ricky Bobby comment, I'm afraid Will Ferrell will quit acting and Talladega will stop hosting races.
Nothing good ever trends. <U+0001F612>
13 hour days are best closed out with good music and a glass of wine.
Follow along tonight #JCSwithBAO #SUinNYCTheater for tweets during talk back w/ cast of Jesus Christ Superstar starring a alum!
Quiet, non-talkative baristas make me sad. You work in coffee, damnit, be perky! I like my baristas like my twee-pop: overwhelmingly happy!
I have been waiting for you could tweet me but you did not tweet me I feel :(
As a teacher, Rob has used #Evernote to document and assess student learning and progress. Then he discusses with student.
Great call today with & ; forming a power-packed group of entrepreneurs and process folks. Watch for this to build
I know n it sux!
" Powerful...Detailed and revelatory investigative reporting." Booklist says of #SILENCEOFMOCKINGBIRDS A memoir of a murder.
200 pounds of live crawfish! Time to get our boil on!
has 12,509 followers now!!!. video chat soon!!:)
Wishes would shut his gloating pie hole about getting to see The Hunger Games tonight.
Guess who's playing singles for the JV tennis team at the tournament!!! Me!!!!! :)
Hey, thanks for the follow.
could move as high as 6th in the world golf rankings with a win today at Bay Hill.
Well, anyways, I'm going to go take a hot shower. It's a like regular shower, but with me in it. ~*~*
But his 73, along with former UW golfer Patrick Duffy and former La Follette golfer Andrew Steinhofer, was good enough to advance.
m....edamame and veg sushi with brown rice. de-lish!
Thank you. <U+201C>: Thanks for your excellent podcast. I'll miss it.<U+201D>
Thank you to everyone that participated in our Long Sleeve Contest! Winners and new designs will be announced tomorrow!
Hey, Marvel, next time you waste four years ruining five movies in order to set up a sixth one, make the sixth one a better movie.
It is not already noon.
No limits! I can sing ANTYTHING! But Lucky Star is a pretty awesome jam. You should see me and the guys perform it live!
": People who work for Walmart, die 7 years younger than the average person."haha I hate wal mart
yea, you going
I need peace.
Somebody take these Do-si-dos away from me. My mom loves feeding me horrible things.
Would love to speak sometime regarding Detroit's music scene. Hope we can come in April!
I really like
Just remembered a Dark Shadows game in the '70s we had with glowinthedark skeletons. Wish we still had it!
If you are a service provider or homeowner, follow us!
I wanna go home
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll Die tomorrow ;)
did her thang on the finales tonight. Gonna blame the insomnia on her as I mourn
Crying my eyes out, RIP Sammy
just so you know, all #nafsa12 attendees receive a complimentary tote bag.
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
twitter for #special people!!!
It may be cold outside but we have just what you need to stay warm and fuzzy! Come in and see us open till 9!! :)
LOL Great response! (Does anyone eat fish sticks anymore?)
From Zachary and Natalie: Dear Emma, We have seen lots of castles and mountains in Germany. Lots of ice cream too!
First Taco Cabana ran out of shells and now Amayas is out of Spanish rice...wtf?
Huge #Shoutout to the #Crew of 226 Stadium Suites.
I'm happy to Beta (and you know I love you AND I'm unflinchingly honest).
Filming began on this day in 1938 on The Wizard of Oz. I love when she opens the door to color.
r u srs?! she is absolutely a mess r.r a bad teacher D: YAY!!!! well at least thats a good high grade congrats sweetheart!! :DD
Frenchie hitting the spot. Where are joel & tina?!
Instead of sleeping I was being nosey and reading about that drama
Awh, Jen will take of you, I promise! She's wonderful :)
imma go do some research
So ready for #sxswi. Be sure to find the "iTriage Man" if you're going! You could win big!
hi cutie pa-tootie :)
DBN ->JHB to meet up w the hosted US consumer media I'll be working with for the next 2 weeks. Get ready for a #VisitSouthAfrica adventure!
Awesome have fun ...:) Hi to all the iCarly's
Please show some Twitter love for our video team ! They just decided to join the Twitterverse this week! #Welcome!
these girls are having a conversation like right by me... like 5 inches away from me...
thanks I'm checking them out now
Thrive Thursday is here! BB Jacks at 11:30 Hope to see you there!
will do thx
Makin choco chip cookies...yum mama's receipe, super yum!!
Secret: I'm dating a 19 year old dominican an his sex is #cray!!! Lol shhh don't tell anyone. :x
Would you work there if you got an office position?
should be a great game tonight - go eagles!
I am so proud of and his work on !! Like I've been saying ALL season long,
.... And if their moms with them say " in 20 years, she won't give a shit!!"
Very important for this one account to be able to do this. Integrating with display is better than current solution, I have
Happy happy joy joy, my Cavs won over the Heat!!
def serious I still love you thank you! It's like I'm all grow'ds up n junk.
My whole life had changed since you came in , I knew back then . . .
so glad you made it to Detroit...you're a sick man and I love it!
Good job and my
If Kane has good trade value then the Hawks should strongly consider it. Too small. Not enough production.
you are horrible maybe u shoud stop trying to stoke flames and learn how to be an unbiast reporter!
Besides you..
do u choose the 'featured' name or is it auto-selected?
"The Difference Between Medicine and Poison is in the Dose"
sorry about your loss man. i'll send a prayer up for you
Check out our FREE Crown moulding offer @ www.mrdspainting.com Call a contractor you can trust. "We Love to Paint" and much much more !
With a win, NYY tied the series with DET at 2-2. Final, elimination game will be on Thursday, October 6th.
HE LOVES ME!
We have that and it is AWESOME.
Don't ignore video games, study them. Alan November
Aww , you need a phone . What if you Get kidnapped or something ?
Just got home from vegas!!!
WHY are my customers not getting shipping options!?
Never wait on someone that has no intentions on doing the same for you.
Ahead of you could really start establishing financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
Doug Collins on KG: "We tried to put some strength on him. ... We tried to take away his rhythm shots."
Hello, Hypomania? It's Me, Newt: politipsych.com/?p=273
if you can figure that one out you could make a lot of $. Then again nobody's done it for any form of advertising though.
Tweet me if you decide to try , I'll try it with you
Yay! Passed last exam for #EMC Velocity Systems Engineer. Had to complete it by today.
Chances of me doing anything at work today are about hahahahahahahahahahaha%.
There was 8 million collective action to stop SOPA just yesterday on Wikipedia alone!
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
friday........happy friday
where is mine?
Make BFF's with them why don't cha! Haha
If you're westbound on 635 it may be more convenient to simply move to wherever your car is currently stopped.
ref was aware he dove, just called cooke to make up for malkin one earlier.
i dont have one of those here. i need one.
#NYTims #Trayvon story "specific intent" #zimmerrman left his Car w/a loaded weapon and used it to kill; his intent was
Happy 13th Birthday to my sister Erika (:
MNL will be closed on Sat and reopen on Sun 1 pm- 11 pm. Take a day off and enjoy your Spring Break!!
Walked into my band gig tonight and the DJ started the party with Kenny G...sigh
Love ya !
Wow the Sixers called me and I gave them my honest opinion, No Star means no ring!
Team IPhone Sike!! Team android over here
he is a nice man, don't hate! (:
#dsoc #sal2010 we are in the cloud says Anne Caputo. vol and variety of info grows
I want too hurt that skank so bad! Lolol & I love you too!!:)
Shout out to my dude for this opening vid mix, came in real handy last night.
how was it meeting your nose last month? (;
watching you :)
thanks hay did you find out if the 15th is.cool for the movie?
that's
After a wicked tritip roast on the grill last night, looking forward to Amy's pasta tonight :)
thanks so much! =] glad ya like em!
In honor of the Kentucky Derby and Oreo's 100th Birthday- I'm eating an Oreo in a big floppy hat.
happened to catch a piece of a "hoarding" show. the common characteristics among these people is that they are all fat and stupid.
i know:)
Does Manu's ear injury count as a "west coast Willie"
That shower >
Does Coach Leech have Twitter? Someone tell him they dropped the charges against Kaufusi so its all good now. Now let him play.
We hope you can join us today at noon for Charlotte Silver's book talk on, Charlotte Au Chocolat: Memories of a Restaurant Girlhood.
Thank you! Drinking good coffee every day is success in our book! Will you be in town for #SXSW?
oh no! Why?
On a quest for sushi.... non non (hopefully)
You are rubbing in the "i'm in NOLA and you are not"
~ Yo Mark! It's been a long time! Lets catch up Bro!
I hate having to start conversations first.
That was over-confidence or sheer ignorance. We had never even held a Commonwealth or Pan-Amercan Games, We were behind other (next)
no. Just giving folks who follow areas by the District number. He is at his home in frankfort this weekend!
Follow me?<3
we had a lil BBQ today, and chillin safely on the couch now. I'm old.
2012 features Shalaw on the cover!!
I swear is the sweetest,funniest new amazingly beautiful person ever <33 I love you
RT : #shoutout to my newest followers and :)
burning the midnight oil before I leave for MARAC in the morning
#Kings!!! They're unbelievable. Loving this.
First time in 7 some years that I'm not working in Retail during hols. Almost miss twice daily calls at 7a and 6p.
All the good shows used to go to St. Andrews, but I think I've been to only one in the past five years.
Gettin a Hawaii quarter. fuck yeah.
Great time! Makes sense
I have to keep reminding my self "everything happens for a reason" :-/
"The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list."
to make you you stronger! An wont get annoyed by others anymore!
fiddling on my iPod while waiting,where the fck are ya.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
RT : Many people don't set goals because they can't actually see themselves attaining them.
Up late listening 2 Bringing me back to great times. Can't wait to hear and Schematic!
Season 5 episode 24 of desperate housewives yay ending<3 & amazing episode.
Power/control over another human being is biggest illusion of all
Thank you so much, Logan! I am so excited. And you're internship will be awesome too!!! So proud of YOU!!!
I believe your rite
well he says he'll leave in 2min but I doubt it'll be that quick
"Hardest of all is to practice the Way at home, second in the crowd, and third in the pagoda." - Vietnamese folk song.
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER.
Less than 2 hrs left! Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
We still have units left in both FloCo Fusion and Historic Florence Court! Call before they're gone 612-703-RENT
two and a half men rofl rofl.....hahaha i love lol
You're not mature, you're just boring
Is Aroldis Chapman healthy?
that's my plan...we just need to become DJ's.
thx for spreading the word! :)
I like to think that Jon Glaser is really you guys.
You too ! ": Everytime "Father Can You Hear Me" Come on Madea , i Get Chills"
somebody give me some new words to replace sick and chill
Finished her second year NLM Associate Fellowship colloquium presentation. It went well. Thank for for all the support.
do you realize has 2 "From"'s in headline of CEO to CFO article?
just had my civic religion: pledge of alliegance & star-spangled banner
Well besides the dinner, this birthday was just like any regular day in Henry county.
Is that definite?
Reciprocal follows! Glad to make your virtual acquaintance, partner.
They found a 500 year old computer underground :o that shit crazy and creepy :o
Tonight!! All teens need to be a club fuego!! Huge teen night!! Dj prodigy in the mix and Lil JAE performing live!! $10 get you inside!!
": RT : I hate HATE when guys ask for nudes. I hate it."
DOE source: all #LANL air rad monitors active/fnctng and mobile rad mon crews being deployed
first DMB show super stoked! Everytime I get a ticket I end up not being able to go!
People get in my head to easy
well there was a story about me and him having a lil fight
#ff my cute dork of a husband <U+2665>
and I can't tell u how much I rly appreciate ur constant support!! I'm happy we keep helping each other! :)
YOU'RE UP ALREADY?!?!? Good Morning Sunshine(: .
What is your favorite TV show from your childhood?
Omg 4 minutes!!!
can i get ur Follow back #TeenWolfs fans!!=D<3
"Loose Angles they call me / Lost Angels are what we're supposed to be / Language Adversity our Street University/ ... Where is Los Angeles"
Professors: if you don't want sick students around you, don't penalize their grades for being sick.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. <U+2013> Vincent van Gogh
Straight Up Hustler 02
How's it going? welcome to twitter
I hear they rehired Coach K
Anteaters trying to make babies....
Follow me on Instagram:
is this my cousin?
happy day of birth sis
Malik, I haven't had my cycle in forever. I'm having your kid. His name will be Tr<U+00E9>von. #YaDigg? :)
You have 24 hours left to live. What flavored vodka would you want to have before you kick the bucket?
you guys sounded KILLER! tonight
don't be nervous, you're in good hands ;) cc
How much did that cost you? What did it taste like? Was there a toilet bowl on the bottle?
#nercomp12 connectyard adopted by univ texas panamerican.wanted to integrate social media aspects of student lives
i want a Romeo in my life.
when do ya suppose UVM will figure out how to build new hoops & ice arenas? need major updates, eh
Tek did it. And I mean really, what choice does he have? Who's going to give him the chance to start with his health and contract?
Thts what's up
is back from Uppsala.
Hey, I didn't realize that you were behind that Luise Rainer site. Very impressive!
GREAT JOB, LOVE YOUR VOICE!
You answered my question before I could ask it!: How do people know the connection between web & on-site visitors?...
I thought my tent would fly away wizard of oz style
<U+201C>Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn<U+2019>t even think about us for a second.<U+201D>-Wiz Khalifa
Give Your Heart A Break by for Music Choice:Single <3
Bleachers make my butt hurt.
If you need me to schedule anything, pay anything, or print more things today, I might lunge out of my chair. Just FYI.
Follow me Rihallah
ah ok , I took it yesterday & passed finally . What branch you tryna join?
The second Chen award goes to & for , bringing information mgmt tools to coffee growers. Congrats!
Agreed. Wait until you see Jessica's last performance!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak solid 3/4" x 4" in-stock.
fa la la
<U+201C>: Just performed at a wedding reception for black lesbians. Livin' the dream!!!<U+201D> or as I like to call them "blesbians"
Bad ass lil kid snatched my hat off my head, so I snatched his mom wig off her head.
no problem. go steelers and
I'm going to the heat game tomorrow, and i really wanna meet him <3
Thanks, that hard work pays off eventually :)
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
I'll take Kobe & the Lakers in the finals, but its OKC Thunder All the way
On the metro on my way to Magnetic Fields! yay!
Since 1973 when the Boss bought the #Yankees they are 22-14 on 5/1
If I learned one thing from it was "just have the best"
#RIP Maurice Sendak
": A plane is flying to Durham from Denver. Peyton Manning is in Durham. Broncos coming from Denver.". Last pitch? Or done deal
Thanking you for wanting to "like" my tweet. The fact that I can sit and talk to my hubby for hours is awesome. ;-)
Thank YOU for doing the story. Please let us know if/when the ashes are found so we can update. Thanks!
wyd this weekend
Thank you for the RT!
I hate when the guy you like finally texts you, then doesn't reply after that one message. #likeWTF?
RT : ....strongest impression ...of Office Depot ...is that it doesn't trust its employees & customers. - No, that's Best Buy
RT : Why dont you tell your bitch ass sister to FOLLOW ME!!!! (I need 6,000 followers)
20yrs ago the ability to listen to your customers' conversations would've been priceless. Today it's pretty much FREE
If Yuhh Hate Me Or What Im Reppin Then Be Thee X And Get Tuu Steppin.
Americans prefer Paris to London, unless they remain sufficiently long there to get over the fogs, which are stumbling-blocks to them.(1855)
aw thanks! have you "liked" us on fbook yet?!
yes, voluntary agreements between a buyer and seller. i'm saying right to work is reaction to previous, intrusive legislation.
stupid people in my life
Subway for Dinner! #yee :D
Breakfast, workout then work..... Bawse
I'd take that.
What a shit show, amateur night
Hey MCDMers - Remember to make time for an alumni (or soon to be) discussion on Sunday 3/20 in Com 126. 1:00pm - 3:00pm
marching band?
RT OCCUPY THE PUMPKIN PATCH, CHARLIE BROWN
Iced caramel latte from Dunkin Donuts <U+2764>
My mommy may drive me insane but u couldn't ask for a better mother her love is unconditional! Happy mothers day mommy :).
heading upstate right now :/
#BlacklightPartyOct22 NaPalm comes to Dallas for a concert party, be sure to get your tickets before they're sold out
Random guy gave me a thumbs down on the freeway today. It took everything in me not to ram my car into his.
probably outside on the stepss. x
improve your network security and accessibility with Lithium Networks today!
Our Las Vegas students are the best. Check us out for Guitar & Piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com Big fall push is on!
Mornin' Friday,I've been waiting for ya'! Big story today:students in big trouble after posting gang initiation on web. We have live reports
He'll always be Mr. Irrelevant to me ...
We're out at 14th and U with rhubarb pie, kale quiche and asparagus quiche. Come on down!
I just want to be happy '!
haha It's supposed to be in the high 70's all weekend here in New Hampshire 90 degree weather on Monday. No hoodies here!
Sitting with some twits, so thought i'd tweet...
One of my friends passed away last night and i was wondering if you could retweet this to show your love. #RIPadrian Thanks.
Sounds like DVD's rule with you and hey that works just fine. Love movies and more movies.
"So wait, Tyler Durden was the bad guy, or the good guy?" "Well, yes and no." - Bynum and Gasol, just now, on the bench.
Looking at the program... My great nephew is graduating with honors...: ) #McKinley SH 97th commencement exercises
always great chatting with my bro.
Best to everyone in Charlotte this weekend!
RT: Well it's very evident the refs at tonight's game aren't getting paid by the call.
Those family parties where you gotta say hi to everybody and their mothers -__- <
First tornado warnings of the day in western Ohio, for Darke and Preble counties. We're looking out for you
i'd love to join:)
Design Tip: Display your summer flowers in a row of teacups. Roses and daisies work really beautifully. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Thank you both for the mentions, etc. Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Life isn't fair sometimes...lol
we will run that place you forgot
At work soon to get off and hit up the church for the final confirmation 2 class text me if u got the digits
I find it very easy to refrain from Columbian stripper jokes around the Secret Service guys.
okay then i guess i will leave have to practice dancing anyway oh and my drumming :D
I swear it always rains when my hair is straight!
The best part of koren BBQ is how you can smell yourself three days later and reminisce on how great everything tastes.
I have been good working crazy hard trying to balance. What about you whats thing on in bmore?
damn dude you're a machine. Love the 2.0 tee btw. Nice job on the whole line!
A little concerned after reading the #voxnight thread. Who was the
man i REALLY do be on time for shit, but i swear MARTA dont wanna see a nigga succeed
still no FIOS for you?
That is hilarious! That is the type of thing that i worry will happen to me...because they do.
hail in Brooklyn..
The basics of cybersecurity don't change over time. SP 800-53 re-frames how to apply security controls for new threats.
My tattoo is almost done scabbing!
Got it!
Late to a dinner date because I got lost in my Etsy shop stats
I don't know what to do with my feelings.
please cone to san antonio texas(:
It's alright, no need to reply. I was just texting you to exercise my fingers.
RT : shut up j wat happened n Lafayette stays n lafayette hoeffa
'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark dead at 82 - Victorville Daily Press
Try editing photos with a 2 year old and a 4-month old.. both crying!
Wow, we are LIVE. Hi! It's Charlotte. Nervous. Or maybe it's the four shots of espresso kicking in.
Thanks for the greetings. lets me have a real account :)
Walking wit mah dolls den shopling for a special someone
magic blue check mark! Good job
you must be a communist.
RT Sam dalembert played a hell of a game tonight...
#Pacers have been making me proud lately..
Keep it movin'! ;)
Lax game against my gurl today!
Two hours left! 10% off all Bee Mine in stock and 20% off All other products in stock!
don't be nervous, you're about to embark on the most fun 4 years of your life. Enjoy it and savor how blessed you are!
like why? All stars was perfect last year and of course it didn't come here. But whatever I'm not going so yeah
My arm is shaking after scooping beans for two hours. Omg. Maybe I should rethink not working out my arms at the gym!
Of course I'm home and in bed before midnight so I guess I'm not really hardcore anymore.
Can you send those tacos Fed-Ex, ? They sound delicious.
I did not. But it was a very near thing.
Have pilots all decided to turn off channel 9? Haven't had a single flight lately where it was activated.
dis bitch said she was gone call back and nevber did
Every once in a while he's gotta remind us
There are some beautiful photos by on our website. Check out his work!
Inexplicably, we didn't win the West Roxbury window decorating contest and have failed to advance to the citywide finals
Presented session on learning analytics to higher Ed. Incredible tools for data mining.
We are counting down the days until our next show! Please hit us up for a $5 ticket!
Good thing I bought our tickets 3 hours ago
It's so good to have back in my life here in #Baltimore! DC chick salad, yum in my tum! Right ?
need to have a hot fudge cake everyday. smh
what do you mean????
#CIOParadox No.12: You develop successors | Yet the CEO almost always goes outside for the next
<U+201C>: Is it bad that I enjoy working on Saturdays??? #TooMuchAmbitionSyndrome<U+201D> Work it Saturday to own it Monday
"You gotta risk it to get the biscuit."-
Your move, New York
I will email you info! For sure....hope you are well
yes... And I have apple care, that means something, right?
that's awesome!! You should put them all together for a book! Sell that stuff!
Reading Assholes Finish First with the Little Mermaid playing in the background. Too ironic.
<U+201C>: #IslamTaughtMe that I am an abomination and unnatural.<U+201D> <<<Religion is Unnatural & Fundamentalism an Abomination.
Met a lot of people who visited Congress on the first #saveservice district day can't wait for them to mobilize again this summer
hahaha well last month it was in the 80s and this winter has been pretty awesome..it's fun u should come up
Captain Skyro Launch Trailer: Captain Skyro is now available on Google Play and the App Store! Read and ...
this is my new teen people magazine. learning all the sexy secrets of the youngens
I will
ORCHESTRAL MANOEUVRES IN THE DARK - Turner Hall Ballroom - Sunday, September 25 - 7PM DOORS!
call my cell and join the discussion!
Excited to check out the debut issue of this weekend when I can spend a little QT with it!
Extended Release
I'm definitely game! Any holes you need filling?
Hahahaha I'm weak
let me ask my mom and I'll tell u! K?
its the same ;<U+05DB>
Heritage is invaluable
Get 20% OFF your or order by using the repcode "Blaze1Up" at the checkout!
"Gichy gichy goo" does NOT mean "I love you," Disney. NO. BAD DISNEY.
Fact. <U+201C>: I think my grandma would start crying if she heard dubstep.<U+201D>
Thank you to all my friends and family wishing me luck on my job interview(: means a lot!
Babies. The other STD.
haha aw cute. I don't see you #rockinout with that iPod shuffle tho?
Congrats to for winning a pair of tix to see the #Brewers play the Cards on Apr. 8. We'll give another pair away next Wednesday!
me too!
You have to believe that you're the one in a million and show up every day on mission. Dream big, dream often.
Awesome, thanks
Austin!You're amazing!Me and friend ran around my neighbor hood yelling #WeSupportMahone!Love you!Never give up(:
Happy Birthday, dude! Hope all is well ...
Thanks for the pics! Amazing that story is still being told. The jar sold in 2005!
#Thingsthatturnmeoff when male/females acts thirsty
Catching up on email after a few hectic weeks
My Milkshake Brings All The Boys To The Yard && D**m Right It's Better Than Yours *Peter Griffin Voice * , Ctfu
Stuck in 8th period because of the lightning alert!(: this is the only time i like having and outdoor school.
Yes, just a few weeks ago! It was probably the strangest thing I have ever seen: amazing at times, perplexing at others.
Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!
asap!!! I need some lemonade too!!!
DEALING WITH THE DEATH OF MY FATHER IS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT SMH RIP DAD LOVE YOU
Counting to ten.
woow i just realized i havnt tweeted in forever
Delta online check-in is a joke. Step1: Click on a custom link from email Step2: Enter information that should be pre-populated.
Why, thank you, sir! You're a Sam's Club size box of badassery yourself! RT : You fucking rock!
FOR YOUR DAILY SMOG CHECK DISCOUNT VISIT OUR WEBSITE @ WWW.MORENOVALLEYTESTONLY.COM
Nothing like trying to follow the brilliant conversation of people like Andy Borowitz and Calvin Trillin two hours post-migraine.
stay strong and keep doing what you guys do best. I love you and WIM so truly. (:
Cereal for dinner<<<
Delaware outplaying Lindenwood right now. 8:57 left in the second, Blue Hens lead the Lions 1-0
Final round: Italy v. Scotland ("wooden spoon" game), Wales v. France (possible Grand Slam for Wales), England v. Ireland.
none they all stayed
get what you really wanted for Christmas !! A House !!
RT : The Encyclopaedia Britannica is going out of print; focusing on online and educational curriculum for schools....
My student just asked me who goes to school on valentines? The answer is her teacher who left his valentine to teach.
Busted my ass on the ice today. First time this season, not so bad.
Headed to uptown %$&$# me and my bestiest *&##@ best of times!!!
We are excited! RT: Awesome planning meeting today with getting ready for jingle bell run
<U+00AB> Brewers clinch #BREWERS #bitchimfrommilwaukee<U+00BB>
I'll be unfollowing 459 people if they are'nt following me back!
you too!
this is a no brainer
Almost finished packing. will have a new location next week!
not over you
Good luck this season!
#Shoutout to all 14 of my new followers
I'm so tired right now. Derek has friends that work at this club and they let us in and we had some drinks...now I'm tired. But
This weather report does not look good.
Yo, happy Friday! =)
Great trend from this observer.
Looking at photos from the weekend, and I still say are the best couple EVER.
Volkswagen Group Sales India made official importer of Porsche
bulls bitch
that's terrible. Any chance you can just hold that ticket for later and book a different flight? How important is the wedding?
Editors didn't quite agree on categories, so we looked singly at the black press.
I was told ya have to go through hell to get the big things.
Justin Meet Lisa
If I had one shit lol.. tommy n them smoked the little I had left.. Ill smoke yu out or match yu sometime this week
hum i got a crush on #oomf he is so freakin fine ;)
MT : Come check out a great show this weekend! The Tappenstance show I'll be tapping a brand new solo piece of choreography.
#MeAndYouCantDate....um I believe it should be you and I can't date... HhhaaaH(:
this one might be different perhaps. do you have any contacts?
oh sexy sexy.
The greatest friend you can have is Jesus .
Do you believe in professional and friendly relations simultaneously?
Italian pizza that this is really disgusting, but in a few years go to live in los angeles <3 <3
"The Beaver is split down the middle." Imagine that....... :-p
I moved to a new state my sophmore year. Thats fucked up!
How are Yahll ?:) think I can get the mahone crew to follow me on here ?
You want a killer hillbilly, I'll show you a killer hillbilly
#ifidiedtommorow id fly to Australia to swim with great white sharks
QoTD: "Tell me what company you keep and I'll tell you what you are." (Cervantes)
awesome! I hope you enjoy it. Let me know what you think.
Thanks ! And same ! I tweeted RadioNow1009 on my personal a few weeks ago & told them to bring him back & he said its a ...
No way you are behind JPD - you have a marvelous ability to let the game speak for itself. Great to see you get your props
no..it didn't appear that I was able to get out of bkey, today.
May Raffle! I will be giving out $25 giftcards to Starbucks, how? Let's meet in person for 20 mins to be included in the hat. Ends May 31
Susan Tanisawa was my 6th grade teacher (Longfellow Elementary, Berkeley). Inspiring. I later became a 6th grade teacher.
Because all the fighting and all the tears and all the uncertainty is worth it
Uh Oh. My voice is gone. Pleasse come back.
Ahh, so you're at Steve's.
No pressure on my pimpin sweetie
my puppy is so cute when he is dreaming <3
nice to meet you too. i love a good slurpee brainfreeze; popcorn makes me want to see a movie. what's your friday look like?
RT : "Cold? This Isn't Cold Yet, Just You Wait"
the court say he didn't!!! U gotta love our justice system!!
now if he keeps up playing like that..
9 days till I'm done with this shit. SUMMER
Today began so well... But it's having such an unfortunate ending...
as much I hate you for never tweeting me Blake I lost my brother when i was 5 & my mom at 11 i know how you feel
Just watched journalist Nicholas Kristof speak about human rights, gender equality and his book"Half the Sky." Amazing.
Verlander starting where he left off. . . has two-hit shutout going in the 5th with 4K's.
I'm done lmao .
Better drink some more juice fast!
is killing it this morning.
Ordered my Arduino gear to get a jump on a class next semester. Also have been meaning to jump in for some time. Can't wait to play w/it!
If it doesn't move and it should, use WD-40
I want my baby to be out the pin already!
Needs some thankful Victoria people. What are you thankful for?
my life is a joke.
Where are you? Seattle or DAR
I never doubted you! Wonderwoman :) Thank you so much.
Waco can keep him : Ted Nugent moved to Waco, Texas many years ago. We Michiganders do not claim him as one of our own.
Imma be fat this summer <U+0001F62A>
No more of my hard earned funding to until uninformed and irrelevant, even idiotic, show is gone
Me: Tomorrows Friday Teacher: yes! stop asking Me: Hell yeah, Drink in my cup (singin song blasting in my headphones) ! Teacher: -__-
Wow. New iPhone 4S is going to make the Chicago Cab Fare so much better!
Go to bed, dear; it's almost 2 a.m. Nighty-night.
just got back from surfing i fell great
#San Diego is famous for many things, like our Happy Hour! We hope you make it to Banker's Hill this week!
Good grief....."in my Charlie Brown voice....
You shouldn't let this worry you Liz you're beautiful! I hope you enjoy the holiday! I always do because it's my Birthday!
If I don't have a GPS logging device (e.g. Nike+), can I still map a run? Can't figure it out.
gotta exercise!
Why do spring/summer colds seem worse? So annoying! Unplugging and resting still not completely over it. UGH I'll stop whining now.
Am I too late for #SKCChat?
Deja vu is such a weird feeling <U+0001F61C>...at least I'm relieving stress <U+263A>
Awesome to hear, Corey! Fit ok? Thanks! : just got my Fighting Saints shirt in the mail today. Pretty sweet.
i downloaded it...cuz i'm just cool like that
india gonna win!
pumped to write comparative review of your terrific book and azaransky's on pauli murray
you're kidding.... You're amazing
I'll tweet you after my softball game!!!
It<U+2019>s really about the type of meeting that the company is trying to create, rather than the type of company that is holding the meeting
in my school newspaper there was a section about one direction and your name was spelled wrong i was vivid.
He/She will SEETHE. I cannot wait for that meltdown. He'll be having one whether he shows it or not.
Question asked about ladies event: WSOP says it will have to let men play, but will try and "discourage" them from doing so.
Neither of the two Manchester sides have broken through yet, Newcastle concedes goal at Everton...
Got alot done today, Still working on price list for show. Merchant machine is on it's way! Almost ready for Art and The Vineyard Eugene OR
What was your biggest takeaway from MIT Enterprise Forum tonight?
HAHAHAH yea I just made it and ate Half of the candy on the way home ..... Woops!
India. nd u?
From our family to yours... Wishing you a safe and Happy Thanksgiving weekend.
Add a little lemon wedge to your water to boost your metabolism!
my main issue: do I work to pay my rent and bills or do I go to school and live with my mom?
KCSM's Chuy Varela has an annual Latin Jazz and Salsa Calendar with photos and bdays of luminaries. Local flautist, John Calloway, Manana!
oh so good! RT : Thanks for the drop off today. I'm diggin the Chili Lime!
They say it takes a village, but in the case of FetFest it takes several villages
what do you MEAN you don't want to listen to the techno remix of Girl From Ipanema?!
haha yeah i teach dance
More than enough for an Osi extension...
Watching ! It's Rob Lowe tonight!
"Oh, he won't throw up." Famous last words!
That's just fucking selfish
HIGH eNERGY DAY ! Making
Patrick Ewing must REALLY want to be a head coach at all costs if he is considering Charlotte. Charlotte 49ers might be better than Bobcats.
Show your #CLE pride! WEAR it! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com our updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
remember when your aim screen name was like mcdonalds02 or something haha idk I just thought of that
Happy New Years 2010! Party Time.
Ugh why
Todd France will talk NFL Lockout at 11AM on Tune in!
definitely give LoL a try! Fast games, super fun
Say Swear Michael Douglas And Pat Riley dont look like brothers lol
Papers stacking up on the counter, shoes piling up near the door? Its because you don't have a system for this bottleneck.Find the next step
beers on tap at BB&T Ballpark this year, along with GSO's Natty Greene's. Pilot Mountain Pale + baseball = not a bad day.
do you own every season of gossip girl or are you missing some (i may or may not be searching for warped tour presents)
Who's all gonna be at IU tonight?
Updated my website! www.jenniferfogarty.com #shameless promotion
I need some coffee :o
6 hours left - 35% off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com - use coupon code "ONEDAY"
read all the best #NFL writer's take on #OT here-www.ussportspages.com
Lets Go #Chicago handle this!!! #Bulls vs
Red? I'm right here, ma'am.
Great tribute! RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane. Tonight, PA mic will be silent in his memory.
friday friday friday woo
-- You too Hawk. Hope yours exceeds awesome!
Terrible service at Bagel Broker in hollywood
The hunger games! <3
check your email and let me know what you think
The brewers are in bidness. Bases loaded for Haristron. Weeks takes a hit..
Had a great time playing last night. killed it for sure!
That's what 1/2 & 1/2 and personal pizzas were designed for.
So who had the most? did another team have higher bounties? or is this just a non story? ITS FOOTBALL LET THEM KILL!!!!!!!!!!
Archiving #RoyRogers & #DaleEvans &ran across newspaper #horoscopes of 1998 - usually meant to tell the future, but here they tell the past!
Makes my teeth grind RT : speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
"Hang out with people who aren<U+2019>t looking for shortcuts. Learn from them." - Seth Godin (via: )
I'm ready for this break to be caught and this race to really get crazy
John Axford. Ugliest man in baseball
Full day here. Peter at Heinz hall w PSO and Messiah. Company dancing for our friends at Urban Active. Breathe deeply!
Women 'Invisible' in Myanmar - Inter Press Service
This is what being home does to me. I always feel awkward, uncomfortable, and blah.
looks like Jon's hurting. How about you Vivi? I think you guys are ready for the Agrocrag.
Totally. Or Skype at any point!
Officially opened a joint bank account with my fiance.
<U+201C>: Proud of my best friend and teammate Nick Toon... Killed it today running routes and running his 40! Toon ran a 4.38!!"
"When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts." -- Trevor Hoffman, at the retirement of his number
Why does Florida smell like farts? Anybody?
great half eagles! 20 more minutes...
Love hearing more about MSFT System Center for virtualizing and incorporating a cloud structure.
Treating myself to a movie date.
I wasn't kidding
Sometimes, the only thing you can do for a person is to come along side of them and cry.
how'd they do it -- VoiceMemo app or other app?
#fatassprobz don't seem to be your thing.. Spanish food, and delish though.
RT : ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
I canceled NetFlix because it could not keep streaming going here for more than 20 min. Now use Amazon Prime for streaming movies
I have to get someone's ID or a fake one. Im not 18:/
For sure!
<U+201C>: The favorite to win the 2012 #WorldSeries is the __________. #MLBFC<U+201D> team that won't end up actually winning trophy.
About 20 times a day, I idiotically control-s a web interface.
OSU wouldn't survive a day in the SEC
Been #Uppity all my life, E. It's a #badge in the #oldschool vernacular.
same right now, we use a xerox phaser 8560 but sometimes would like other options!
Kristy pick that date and let's make it happen! I love coffee and love / miss you too! Need to catch up!
Alright ladies, message me your username.
we cant wait to come up there!
To audition for "Cyrano" or "Joseph"? agh.
Ladies did a great job getting the field ready. It's too bad all the hard work didn't allow you to play. Good luck this weekend.
Soon! :D
Yayyyy sun came out <U+2600>
you attacked Michael Moore on Scarborough Country for not supporting the Iraq war. Now you talk about the deficit
is the story better in Max Payne 3 or 2 or 1? #MaxPayne3 l
Betty Lash exclusively offers Faux Mink Lashes. Perfect Curl, light weight, long lasting... Come in and see the difference...
that we could! Well nice to meet ya
all I want for my bday is for aye ladies to start playing every time I walk into a room. ! Lmao thanks boo! <U+0001F499><U+0001F499>
no it happened , ask melissa and chase and bryant .
Great job on sound today at #LIGFest Brendan - you are a master!
positive thinking!
wow. Positive vibes his way.
hahah well definitely not HS. Austin in general. And Coachella
May have to run to store
Stoked! Just found out that I'm going to be reading my short fiction with the crew at Stories in Echo Park in March.
thats precisely the topic behind my new show!
": how was ur 2nd interview?" I got the job. Get my schedule no later than monday
good show. I as well have lots of catching up to do. Only on Episode 3
Karl Malone
The world is on track to make well over 1.8 zettabytes of data this year. That's almost 57 billion iPads or 210 billion movies worth!
I think opening G+ up to anyone was a big step. I do find I can use it for more "private" conversations... like i used Wave
When is your RHW spoof show coming out???? PLEASE!?
So jealous that my friends ran into and and I'm here in Indiana. /: Merrrr.
Happy Mountain Day! Hope you all got some delicious pie :) and enjoy a beautiful fall
It's Kira's last day for walk-ins for Henna tomorrow!!! (she will still be doing henna by appointments!) come in and send her off right!!
I'm fly like a bird.
The food channel has great events for quick and easy dishes. Paula Deen
gone miss out on them cool grey 12's & the black & pink ones >_< smh.
This AP test is freaking me out.
Watching the doors
You got people that's around you that's gone try they best to down you, "Keep them squares up out your circle" cause it's only gets worser.
- Saw that you were legit in an interview. I love when creatives find ways to get their stuff out there. All the best!
He is well known by all for being friendly, awesome and annoying.
thanks for the shoutout!
RT : I don't trust Rachel Ray because her voice has the quality of someone who just got done screaming hysterically.
Consider three important system principles: "1) You don't get what you expect. You get what you inspect. 2) When you deal in...
"Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration" -- Thomas Edison. I hear it a lot, but somehow it's still easy to forget.
aghhhhh u luckii xD im so happy for u!!!!! =]
nope not yet
Thanks to for the FF!
cool got u
Success will never be a big step in the Future, success is a small step taken just Now...
And what's a turkey baster? Lol
I've played some golf...
Oh cool! Don't hide any creatures/dust mafia soldiers on that website...lol
follow back
It's so fucking disgusting in general if they do it. Never trust a tweaker
I find it disgusting whn sum girls go out in public w/o a bra on even celebrities does do it eyes point to selala Gomez
officially a party in soderberg house yet or do we still think Brady worried bout J's party?
So that's what it's like to be too busy for social networks. Anything exciting happen?
I just wanna be close to you..
Hehe I duck. Those trucks scare me!
#sschat #edchat 8th graders loved the QR code treasure hunt...thanks classroom tools
I like the calls from the past idea. Haven't seen the end yet.
the crazy part is ppl said band wrote freebird on deck<U+201C>: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway.<U+201D>
Go Toronto! Right on track. Parental involvement - YES! A combined effort is needed to stop the bullying.
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
If you're near a TV, you should be able to see the Atlanta city council meeting and Tuskegee proclamation on Chanel 26.
I'm watching Bachelor Pad on ABC right now. And I'm dying inside a little.
There's so much more to love about now that is single. He most certainly
My night is gonna suck , hopefully tmrws better.
Dakota have fought back and have cut the Jam's lead to 4.. 19-15
Up watching some tv and jammin.. Still drinking hard. Fuck it right? Way to much on the grinding mind to give 2 shits right now..
How ya been? How's the job hunting goin'? :-)
pretty please put the white dress up soon so I can go to bed?
Avi Something Else >
Sacramento wins the toss in overtime and will get the first crack to score.
Wait, the #Kings have scored 4 goals? That's their total for the entire regular season, not one game, right?
We r honored 2 invest in such a worthwhile & truly powerful program that is doing great work in MKE. Keep up the gr8 work!
thanks for being part of the insanity, Bodie!
#MelissaMcCarthy , that was cute i'll admit.
I am currently seeking the perfect match for an attractive 30 yr old accomplished (attorney) male client. Please contact me! 505.872.8743
do you see my tweets? :)
Im super jealous tht this "free" event isnt in Atlanta! You Atl is top notch now...ain't nothing free no more! Lol
about 2 hours south (give or take)
The audio takes a while to process and post. We will announce it on Twitter and Facebook when the podcasts are available.
Wizard of Oz: "A heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others."
This #Cleveland weather isn't bad this winter!! Isn't going to stop me from going to
modem had pretty significant uptime. rebooted remotely in order to allow for re-sync with us/download of new info.
let us know if u would like 2 stop in OKC to grant a wish. I'm trying to email but busy getting ready for grad party tonight!
Thanks for the photos, Lance! Hope you're having a blast over there!
#replacesongtitleswithboobs ; scary kids scaring boobs
Retail for the south beach elite 9 is gonna be 250$ . Wow
Caffeining up for what promises to be a wild night. Seem to be doing this a lot lately.
Last 2 hours, Obama rumored to endorse marriage equality and no Sharia Law prohibitions passed. Stock market WAY UP. Coincidence?
I'm going to check out now!
two years ago.
I love seeing the winners cry *sniff*
headtress even better
The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12. Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado & snow this yr
let me know how it works out! And good luck, you will probably need it at work.
Love it Double duty. #Bats coverage n Razorback smut. RT Jessica Dorrell, Bobby Petrino mistress resigns from #Arkansas job
I bleed pain take pain to another level.
Ah..choo RT : Sneezes, along with orgasms, are the only physiological responses that cannot be stopped one they've started.
Hm. I think it can be one or the other. I wonder what our audiences think; maybe i'm wrong
Dave has a whole section of rare books -- first editions, double autographs -- lots of neat stuff. 79th & Foster 11-7 today and tomorrow
How about Bachmann's current views on the science/safety of immunizations?
Thanks for following San Francisco Public Library
:D nah... I still don't understand how you lose a number:P
RT : Pack your rucksack & join us to learn the tools, platforms & strategies for successful web marketing at our boot camp,...
Note to self: put my windows up next time I'm going to drive past the wild safari park. Rhino butt? Pe-yew!
My appointment was at 8 o'clock and it's now 9:15. Seriously? I'm in severe pain and in no mood for this shit.
Breakfast for lunch. :)
I want to play lacrosse, just to see what it is like!!
Nice to see someone is doing actual journalism in this city. Thanks for discrediting Fox's disgraceful cut and paste video
and they want yours :)
Check out the newest trend in keeping valuables safe. Listen 2night, 2 "Rappin Up The Night" 9:30 CST - online so you can hear it anywhere
Bobby Roode retains... in clean fashion! Excellent Ladder Match. I surely hope he becomes the longest reigning champ in history.
I wish I had a hot tub time machine so I could go back and not watch hot tub time machine.
By the way, talking about profs and teaching generally is imprecise! We have institutions with different missions across the US.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
Yes, 200 Stuart St. Boston!
Wake Up!!!
Oh the hard house has had me groven all day!!
next time try the comments on a YouTube video
Your "Goodnight" text make you worth dreaming about.
Interesting :) so, what are those 5 questions?
Great post, incredible story of one person making a difference, please keep posting such inspiring stories! I RT'd!
haha not to u my Andrew <U+E417>
for your pro memberships do you have student rates?
So now I'm writing a video game
Do you pretend that you do not see my tweets?
What a coincidence!
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
#ff to keep up with the Pacific
": If you could compete in any sport at the #London2012 #Olympics, what would it be? #100Days" Stadium Jumping or Dressage.
and I also vote theatre over theater :)
That's hilarious.
Thinking About Making Dat Trip...
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it! We are big fans
When babies cry and cry and cry when you're trying hard to fucking read <
Going to an Advanced Placement U.S. History conference next week...4 days with history nerds....Rock ON!!!!
haha thank you. I try every morning to look this hot.
I'm gonna need some of that.
Josh Hamilton 4 homeruns tonight he is a beast
Love that NYU Kimmel Center overlooks Wash Square dog park.
one thing abt being back in smithfield.....It dont be nuthn to do
Pissed my week couldn't get any worse.
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
I'll be at Silverado bar on Sat. for their Xmas party. I'll b playing tejano, country, dance favorites, and whatever else the crowd wants.
THANKS TRICIA...YOU DO THE SAME!! WEEKEND..AHH..T/F/S...
Lookout for my brother #nigga still on da #rise Layin #low-key but da talk of da
Birthdays are hard work. I missed you
Wow! I've just read your story. I honor your courage. I honor you.
Off to DIA on a plane, whr i will tweet again aftr my 10 min. flight, and get to wait 45 mins :)
team #ubersxsars high<cough><sputter>5!
The Oh Group is a sponsors for the Asian Festival on 5/12. Make sure you come out for this FREE family event: 11AM-7PM @ Main Street Garden.
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers & Koumoundouros this Friday 6-9 pm. Come check it out!
Does Russ Westbrook never get tired? or tired of missing jumpers?
at the buzzer!
My Jets are in BIG trouble. Sanchez throws pick 6,not good.
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings. --Ralph Blum
Mixed feelings about that appt
WHAT UP BRUH? LONG TIME SICE ENCORE. HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
BILLY MAYS DIED! :( RIP BILLY MAYS!
<U+201C>: And mad respect bc the edge had beastie boy tributes going but the "hip hop" station was playing "lil scrappy"<U+201D> thx
Bout to relax and call it a night
Thank you so much brother. I truly appreciate your support and friendship throughout this process
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese
<U+0001F448>it was her idea! Haha but sometimes she looks so innocent <U+0001F47C>
Last year doing my own taxes! Next year I'm gonna be MARRIED and 's accountant is gonna do them for me!
I feel physically beat up today. So tired, body just aches...Maybe three days off from work was a bad idea.
just left mejier, and there was a man outside practicing his golf swing! When I went in and when I left!
I fux with
when is your concert in MI?
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS. I GOT THE MEET AND GREET PASSES. LOL, JUST KIDDING.
it was from when we were in the car together and she was sending them to you, through my phone haha
Hola badass - I need to stop by more often and be social yes?
What?!? Nobody there is going to be in my age group! Maybe I need to reconsider going. Lol!
Thanks Stacy!
I am so upset that went home. I cried. I can't believe myself. I FREAKING CRIED. Wow.
i totally did! lol i can prove it with the chocolate stain on my shirt
I think and think my family are freaks
Done following. Follow me back
Aw shit! The last episode of lost is intense.
Some guy just asked for a secluded seat so his wife and him can make out... #Uihhhhhhwhat?.....
Just got home from a great dinner at Red Lobster with one of my favorite girls in the whole world. ;)
oh shoot nah lol
We'll be back on Jan 9th w/ !
TY for the #FF! Same to you as well! RT :
awh right then!:) when last time you saw austin!:)<3
#shk12 was fantastic! Even w/ the coffee jitters I had on sale day. Thanks to for the great company!
Bass & Wieland Give a Hitter's Clinic! Don't miss it! Tuesday on Fox Sports San Diego!
Amazing day signing autographs in Westfield Century City Mall, Los Angeles CA. Thanks you everybody. :)
Today Aiden would've been 4 years old. Not a day goes by that I don't miss him & think what my life would've been like.
Thank you for your mention. Blessings to you!
Went to see the Titanic exhibit today at Union Station.
same!! That looks sweet
For all you Nebraskan Directioners, has yet to put up the ticket info fo the Kansas City show. So prices/VIP are unconfirmed.
#PUNKD Was awesome. Sorry , nobody can prank
Why does almost every pastor I know LOVE cars? God wants us to have nice things but I'd rather have a nice house and a raggedy car myself...
United Online Launches 4G Mobile Broadband Service
Anthony Davis had the 3rd most rebounds in a single NCAA Tournament since '73. Only Nick Collison in 2003 and Larry Johnson in 1990 had more
hanging with and playing some xbox 360, call of duty bitches!
Today's affirmation: I give myself permission to live up to my fullest potential.
Going #vegetarian tomorrow for at least a week ...So i'm eating a shit ton of meat for dinner. Lets see how this goes HAHA :)
DJ On1 Coming To A City Near You
#badarchivists make manuscript origami.
your on a bracelet
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America
Keep up the great work followers! Help us reach 715 followers and we will send drink credits to those who do and msg us their email address!
bethany, we need to meet now. ford, i'll be seeing you in 3 weeks..hopefully!
It helps me sleep easy.
<U+201C> Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female's trait..<U+201D>
Ok #Ohio basketball..I see you.
ill see lol :) so anyways wat you doing?
Ashburn Alley! RT : Get ready for behind-the-scenes content all year. First stop What should I go see? #OpeningDay<U+201D>
Funny...shows you what I know...and don't knoew!
hey ! Thanks !
Sucks....one of my fav agents are a bit behind on their game. Recvd CB times for TODAY 1-hr ago. Talent, Mgr, and CD not too happy! :(
going from work directly to airport / I though got attending?
I like cupcakes!
SpeedReels finally got our cute lil' logo up and rockin... we be lookin' good now!
write MORE!
Gotye-somebody that i use to know!
need one of what?
Dinner with <U+0001F49C>
Watching keeks :) Their so good!
It's 4:20. Do you know where your Lungs are?
It's definitely on my top ten of 2012 -- amazingly fun/good/awesome/twisted book!
No regrets, admit cookie defeat and move on! Hey - I saw Lana tonight. First time in 16 years. Can you BELIEVE THAT?
true...but the cash has to go to another cammo wrapped truck...just so hard to keep tabs on it once you get out
We were jus invited to da a show in Jacksonville, FL!!!
surprisingly, we had coffee and donuts at our all staff today
Please dont change.
Im here Mallori ha
It is a new day, not a new fight.
Picked up 2 today. Amazing game. Turned my PS3 on at 1:30...it's 9 now... Spent roughly 6 of the last 7.5 hrs playing! Lol
The rain just woke me up. I think I'll stay up and listen :)! Rain in LA is a precious thing.
Truly Powerful people don't explain why they want respect. They simply don't engage someone who doesn't give it.
RT : you'll be inspired after this session! Read your dh blog! He's one cool guy!
Really? My friend told me the opener and main event were great.
Work today, practice tonight! Gearin up for the show on Monday at 12th and Porter with our friends !
You all enjoy your black Friday, just please let me get some coffee quickly on my way home.
please tell me you're counting down a new single. I need a beat to ride.
Sorry if I offended or annoyed. :/ Be well. Be wonderful.
I do not believe the next areas have been announced, but will be soon. City will directly notify your household.
#socialismineightwords are you kidding me? what were you thinking?
...as for Sine Die, every time I see it I can't help but think "There has got to be a better way to do this"
10% OFF Jersey Mike's! Only w/ a
Order pizza. Get beer. Turn on music. Pack your shiz baby, it's spring break!
Can you get them anywhere now? My wife says they're holiday only, and we're DOWN TO OUR LAST BAG. they are highly addictive.
"can we listen to the Enya version?" words I never want to hear again in a seminar (in this case, hilarious)
TAKE GOOD SELF CARE: <U+2022> soak feet in epsom salts <U+2022> do gentle yoga <U+2022> sip herbal tea <U+2022> sleep <U+2022> walk in the woods <U+2022> raw honey facial
RaeLynn is exceptionally average even by corner karaoke standards, how does make that call?
RT : Just saw a black guy and thought it was again.
Thanks for sharing! I'll definitely take a look.
I gotta go to the mat for "Future 40's (String Of Pearls)" by Syd Straw.
It's Friday, let's have some fun! Describe your sex life with a movie title.
Good things come to those who wait.
LEETS PLAY STREET HOCKEY LIKE TODAY, NOW, FUNDAY SUNDAY BIATCH. That is all
I need to find someone cool in my #genre who is already #published and would want to write a #foreword for my #book of Trivium Proportion
wow.. someone just asked what social bookmarking was...
Yea! We love to hear that! RT: Time to switch to "Wingman" app!!! :D
A good law firm profile photo is properly lit, in focus, not too busy background, shows primarily the face, and cloths that aren't overdone
Celebrating 7 Grace-Filled Years
Yeah sure...it's only 10ish at night. Take all the time you need returning those edits. I don't wanna go to sleep or anything. :(
Bout to drive home ! 1 hour ride !
all i want is my sense of taste back. it's all i have to bring me joy.
Why do I ALWAYS want chick-fil-a!?<U+0001F614>
Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances
you make me feel like the luckiest girl in the world. <3
i'm not sure yet<U+2026> best advice i can give is to keep an eye on the internship page on the site.
Sushi lunch in Silverlake
got UNC winning it all hoping Henson gets healthy... if not I'm screwed and yourself?
47.7 million Americans work for firms with 500 or more employees...
I MISS YOU TOO!
Oh, jafardzija, remember when you used to blow wins for starters?
im not
Undercover cops should not be allowed.
god :p
#instantunfollow RT : I might get Mark Curry's book. Anyone read it?
After all that I've been through I thought I would never be able to love again, but then you came and happened, and everything changed. <U+2665>
two weeks for me.
Indivisible aspects
Portland is still buzzing after last night and we are very excited for today.... Good luck boys
I never thought I would utter these words, but man, I miss Jose Canseco.
ESPN has a poll asking who will win the NL Central! Vote for the crew
Hello, #dollchat folk! :)
We noticed that too and are working to update the graphic. I think we left a couple zeros out of the equation. :)
hahaha people just keep calling me child lately. its ok - since my birthday i've felt like i'm 50.
I'm pretty excited... Claus is now following me on Twitter. Hope he comes to the Fashion Attic to buy some gifts!
I dont,I hit you when you make fun of him,and greyson, any other band I like
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you, And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're ok
Thank you Sol!
I hope she feels better soon. I can't stand it when my son gets sick. I feel helpless.
No wait I was right first time lol
it was so nice meeting you and working with you the other day!
Watching a re-run of Antonio Cromartie struggling to name all of his kids is comical and sad!
Looking at the crowd at the Thunder game, I love everything about that team and fan base
Hope you're ready for the Baltimore experience style! Can't wait!
because if i posted with my real name you would just delete it anyways.
And I'm close to 900 followers so follow (it's my personal) <3 I follow back!! Promise :)
Tomorrow's another hot day (92 degrees!). Come create and be cool! We have air conditioning :<U+00AC>) Drop-in's are 10:00am-8:00pm.
'Consequently fear of the present leads to mystification of the past.' -J.Berger
"if you knew what i knew and had experienced what i experienced, you'd have no choice but to believe." -- <3
I'd like to get another copy myself. I didn't understand it back then. We used to sell your chord book too.
I shrieked loud in agony, "Either this is madness or it is Hell." "It is neither," calmly replied the voice of the Sphere, "it is Knowledge"
10 min tell new victoious cant wait to see it yyaaa <3
you eyes look WEIRD here! D:
One more nail in the coffin..
"Cialis"... your body is telling you to forget about it...take up Golf!
having one of those "throw in the towel on the homeschooling kinda days.". and haul them all back to public school.
right but that's all I carry is plastic when it come to gettin shoes n shit smh
ya what's goin down tonight?
OMG. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Espada Case Jurors Noting Progress On their ninth day of deliberations, the federal jury weighing corruption and embezzlement charges aga
Bitch before you judge me, make sure your perfect!
-Winston Churchill
#Abercrombie doesn't care for the Jersey Shore cast. But they love kiddie porn.
hey I am goin to the Vegas show and i didn't get VIP so I was wondering if you know about any special signings or events?
Bullied thru a swing/grave double shift, now back to my normally scheduled swing.... This is for you, Pip... IT'S GO TIME!!!!
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D,
my mom and dad is fighting a lot and it is getting into bigger and bigger fights everyday
Need a 100% on MGT 301 to get an A. Should be a piece of cake
YO mama! how are you?! hope your well! TWIT-HUG!
lol I always felt out of the loop when someone said that.
are you on Dallas?
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I<U+2019>m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Lol! It seems to never....
loved my fresh brew..lucky to have David on your team #Detroit! contact for cafe
I'm bout to be mad as fuck
They are so AWESOME!! I had so much fun!
seriously. tweegrams should be banned. instagram is for photos
They wreak havoc on the repressive Lent character Malvolio by making him act incredibly stupidly for their amusement.
This nigga just said he's gonna tat food stamps on his arms. LMFAO fut no lol
Dope vid n track!
its ungodly the amount of places I have applied to in the past 2 days
is ready to go play! Yay!
HEAD SCRATCHER! Some say there's a difference between nigga/nigger. Does that spelling "rule" apply to brother, bro, brotha, brutha, bruh?
Get ready for high gas prices, ABC reporting CA at $4. Don't add to the expense by having to replace a windshield, #WindshieldRepair saves.
Complex Variables, Differential Equations, and Linear Algebra is the 3rd course in the Calculus Revisited series at MIT OpenCourseWare
I grew up a fuckin screw up!
come on :(
they have a freakin app?! MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
I am a yarn first lady also.
ola's, Tuman's, zakopane...probably after 8...I'll let you know when we are out
Slutgineers? are they real?
I do too ugly! :) how are you??
I'm doing great! How've you been? You going to be in Chicago for the NRA show?
Yes, definitely! We'll be at the Greater L.A. Writers Society Booth (C11-14)/roaming around.
No kidding. Another great one today. I'm so impressed. How are the bobbleheads?
New episode of #DanceMomsMiami :)
Narcolepsy seems like it would be fun, if it weren't for the whole falling on your face thing.
In SilverLake, at Intelligentsia, feeling good bc it is packed at 11:30 on a workday, work? And glad I grew out my hipster beard.
Vinny got one! :)
What is up.
Yes!! Way to go #Canucks Presidents men 2 years in a row. Nice works boys!
My dogs breath always smells like ass
Fairway Golf Cart Rentals in West Palm Beach, Florida Adds U-Haul Rentals
well she just said she wanted to but she wants you to go
John Mayer He's a cool dude man
#Avengers was awesome
I think we ALL are!! RT : SOO excited for Dining Week June 2-9!
Man you on it. Thanks for keeping us in your tweets. Much love.
SERIOUSLY LOVE THE WAY IZZY SOUNDS!!! In case you missed it, I cleaned up my acoustic-electric & restrung it. Been playing all afternoon. 8D
I'm part German and I can't even speak German :( so sad bur I wish I knew how to
I'm a spa addict and the best one I have found so far has been in Minnesota. Whodathunk it? Going again later this week.
Follow back?
Courts taking dim view of #WalkerFailure-GOP agenda to take rights away from voters & workers these days ...
What does Ryan Leaf suck at more? Being a quarterback or burglary....
how old r u?? or how old do u think i am??
Google I cannot stop playing with your zipper! Love it!
Awesome! It was the 545am flight from DFW to Ohare :)
#WhenAustin got to look at a red tour bus. RT if you think he's gonna have his own tour bus someday. <3
YOU GET TO SEE HIM TOMORROW!!! :3
Hey Richie. Hope all's well in the northwest today!
This season is not in vain!
This girl is hecka annoying.
White Castle drive-thru guy told me I was hot because I listened to sports talk radio. Didn't even tell him I was on it, too.
Remember this day, where every Dem let a collective sigh & a "Really?" At Thanks Hilary. Thanks..
goin to see my nigga $y tonight at the
RT THIS!!!!! RT : S/O Too All The Bitches That's Taking Care of A Nigga Just Too Scream They're In Love
They loving the crew
Happy Hina Matsuri! Happy Girl's Day! :)
You have a job for me? ;)
Do you follow QWiPS on Twitter? If not, click to do so and keep up to date on all things QWiPS!
maybe it's all the wild crazy sex we get to have!! ;)
you got it
How big is the frying pan?
it's nice when the puppet master enjoys his work
<U+0001F601> RT : Already started drinking!!!!! Our night has begun!!!!!!!
Looking forward to Eric Jennings show Bella's Pizzeria tonight 7-11PM!!!
Gotta love this sunshine. Portland looks like socal right now. Get out and enjoy it
Andrew Bynum is weird.
Calling my phone like I can do something for you. Honestly I'm doing worst than you.
valid like salad
When it does happen...
Agreed! Loved the quotes. RT : killed it. Great presentation!
You're never alone with us! How was everything? RT : Having dinner alone.
Bumpin Between2Worlds driving from #FtWorth to #Dallas everyday make the 45 minute commute so much better!
Goona pass Nadal for 2nd in the world rankings
thanks for the follow guys+Maggie. tonight?
Too late...
Every year I think that the crop of new shows couldn't be worse. Then I get to the next year.
Happy Good Friday everyone. We're very thankful for what's happening at the new IISA! Much love to all our great customers!
Pay down high-interest credit card debt
Mark, it was a pleasure meeting you at the event on Monday. Thank you for your insight & time. Best, TommyWu
Wait till you hear d tape my nigga! #GAS RT : Heard that off the ground by that's a hit bruh
Almost just died...
I feel bad about the way I treat some people its jus something telling me to be mad and evil
Headed to meet for dinner. I'm a lucky lady.
Well, as long as they are feeding you and you like it is all that matters. Have a nice weekend! xoxoxo
Microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes.
A recruiter is like an elephant. They never forget. #jobhuntchat #recruitment#
you're so precious :')
One of my greatest regrets is not going on a cross country road trip when gas was cheap.
The Adamouski competition is pleased to announce that an extended deadline will be available to artists for the current competition-
I miss My Reed :( He was probably one of thee most attractive guys ever!I woves yew My Fairy Princess :( <3 P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Sometimes we forgo being in a relationships because the friendship we have with that person is too important to complicate.
Great meeting today, looking forward to working together!!
Yes!! Great idea.
Zach Brown Band on #pandora radio is amazing!
it is a great day to b alive n b blessed!
Earthquake? Just thought the parking ramp I was in was shaking from some of the people here
Yes Del Zotto
Praying for you as you write!
I always had so many issues with my androids..
Again I got asked if I like to fish, cause of my Koi tattoo. I have fished twice in my life. If u didn't know I don't fish. I love Oklahoma!
c2 is headed back out of town today. -Just returned yesterday. :-/.
I don't understand why you ignore me. I would understand it if i did before 10 years something stupid to you, but i can't remember. Idiot.
Fuck wit my fam ...ill walk ya lil sister by a window seal and then tumble her
Glad to have you stop by!
The workers at my polling place are so friendly! I wish I got to vote everyday.
he only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
Sry pal, be out for personal reasons, I like LaRoche, Lahair, Handley
Are you auditioning for The Price is Right?
Wow! I'm already seeing job postings for layout using iBooks Author.
lmao just seen it Wassup with chu tho what you up too
off balance. Credit when its due, he's got good stuff... But he's not 100 million dollars good.
I'd take a Spotify invite, if you're offering.
#annoyed isn't the fucking word
hw you gone wake uhp n the middle of the night n a storm n strt to tweet
Near 80 degrees today what happened to spring? Hello Summer!!
A CAR DROVE BY ME GOING LIKE 30 MPH AND IT WAS ONLY 4 FEET AWAY FROM ME!!!!! >:O I COULD HAVE DIED
she's sexy!!
so math class, my teacher said "you can only go in one direction" and like half the class looked at me cause they knew about my fangirl love
cute! My cuz is so talented!
Thanks man!! RT : haha for sure man. But hey, you guys did great the other night. Just thought you should know
Amazing to celebrate the release of my new book You Are a Gift to the World at Maryland Day! FYI-- '91
maybe I misinterpreted again your tweet. What I mean is if I text something, I can tell it personally.
LOL...see it's not just me AB!
Ahh my old neighborhood. RT Well, we know we found Barbur Blvd, because store we turned around at had the windows blocked out.
queen latifah has, they have pics wit her and her girlfriend.... Hey boo hows your sunday
lol tht bitch look like a Muppet with a wig on one of her pics :(
25 years from now one of the hardest things the next generation will have to do will be finding a screen name that hasn't already been taken
Not if you and don't initial the call sheet outside of C-8 before Wednesday.
LooL you tell her Girl!!!! :D
Thank you, Maurice Sendak, for inspiring the "wild thing" in us all. You'll be missed!
Just came back from Walmart. All those crazy pics on the Internet are true...there were "Walmartians" in every aisle. Wish I took some pics!
Saw a lot of Barajas bashing on here today & heard a lot of boos towards him tonight. It's kind of poetic that he hit a walk-off homer.
Met someone great!! Thanks! :)
It's probably something to be a little ashamed of.
Golden State Warriors vs. Chicago Bulls tonight @ Oracle Arena in Oakland starting 7:30pm
Driving home from Mt. Iron, MN on Saturday was a bit of an adventure. I really wasn't prepared for that much snow.
Damn my Knicks need this win!
Cuttino Mobley is suing the Knicks claiming he was "forced" to retire. The way I see it is the Knicks did him a favor!
thanks for keeping me updated. I called you yesterday and you didn't answer or call me back
In order to celebrate our GRAND OPENING, we are offering a $50/Hr. special... Call (678) 916-7065 for more information
Almost time for Raw :-)
If you spend all your time tweeting about one person, you need to get a life. Because I'm sure that one person can care less.
and I was told it was on yall that ssgmusic didn't make the call but thought that I would and should win for sure. But???
#Didyouknow residual stress, worry & anger make you unable to sleep well at night? Have you ever tried an aroma diffuser to relieve stress?
oh I mean, he'll love to hear your sweet sweet angel voice.
The nominations are out... I cannot wait for the Tony's!!
they're obviously scared of Ichiro..
follow back cuzo
Nice....have 1 for me. Make that 2 or 3!!
so how is it to live in germany?
Music is my best friend
One day you will learn
is flat out something. Now quit being #bitchteam aka #moneyteam & fight Pac Man. How isn't pushing that is unreal.
#drag race #TeamSharonNeedles needs to take the crown!!!
Foster home for imaginary friends
Ridiculously fun night. Have it on a Friday next year?
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love. ~ Diego Marchi
Hey, it's day! Drop in tonight, check in, and get the "Foursquare" cocktail for just $5!
Don't lie to Women about their healthcare options The Karl Rove strategy may work in Texas but not in TwitterSpace.
P.S. Video Game Quiz Show been too tough for you in the past? Tonight, it's multiple-choice, pulling from classic episodes!
Lol thanks :)) RT hey Crystal. happy belated Mothers day lol. aint have yo # to tell ya :(
The best thing about winter is.....
I need a new texting buddy!!(: #number?(;
A company's social media team should be the most social, human people they can find. Doing business with a robot is a buzz kill
Just a casual existential crisis on Leavey 3.
What good is it being an earl if you have to have a ping-pong table in your library?
wait are you going for orlando?!!! please say yes!!!
Winner of the Gopher Hockey tickets for 10/7 is congrats!
<U+201C>: Texas corral sounds so good!<U+201D> *Roadhouse <U+0001F609>
no can do, no drinkin tonight got the hoodlumps & friends...how long u staying?
In the process of getting my hair highlighted red!
Miss you, too! XO
The pop out by Braun was HUGE!
Walmart can be the best and the worst superstore ever lol.
yeah, I'd be jealous, except that kid hates me!
Sugar snap peas? Sounds delicious - I may have to try them! Sugar snap peas and I don't care! Tee hee!
So so sorry to miss. Sigh. We'll always have Portland.
I'm off today.
Why you askin all them questions, makin statements assumin
Getting Ready for the Wisdom Course ....My first weekend is in Denver Co. I am so excited.
Thanks for the link. I'll look at that...
REMINDER: In this week's #revideo chat we'll be discussing real estate video distribution strategy/tactics! Set your calendar: Weds 9pm EST.
I don't like him anymore. I used to before he put out Rolling Papers. He just turned into a pop moron.
I have a Penguin shirt on sitting front row. I'll let you know what side.
Merry 1st Christmas to the little one and the rest of the family!
#cookingtips Making homemade chicken stock? Use bulk chicken wings from the freezer section of your grocery store. They make perfect stock.
Is that Black Manta or "their fallen comrade" Aqualad? First 3 minutes haha
you're welcome and thanks for the RTs!
RT _bryanacee: follows me. You mad ain't you (;
Heading to Home Depot to stock up now.
So everybody, What makes someone worth following on Twitter?
not DLP? I'm ashamed :P good job though! I love you :)
"It's not a fanny pack. It's a bro-sack!!!"
YOOOOO!!! IM BORED
Good luck to your baby today!
Bathroom cleaning: my idea of fun after the kids go to sleep.
Holy shit theres alot of things I have to do June 2nd
Does anyone know where I can get some parsley? I asked the Sayge but it Dunno either...
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains? I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
Hiya! It has been awhile huh? What's happening with you???
how is your day going? :)
think it would be first time nole and fed ahead of rafa. sorry, misread question, will butt out now!
In other news, I've come to the realization that I'm a bad neighbor. If I'm awake, there's loud music playing.
Happy Mother's Day to my favorite MILF <U+0001F60D><U+0001F618>
Absolutely - mostly because of the bacon. :-)
come here and see it with me! It looks amazing
i also feel often times when we come in the tank we are scared! scared money don't make money!
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
That would be great! I teach vocals in regularly on Saturdays and on weekdays as clients schedules dictate. I ...
Market Square Area, Indianapolis - The Smashing Pumpkins
Every action we take, everything we do, is either a victory or defeat in the struggle to become what we want to be -Ninon de L'Enclos
nothing much you should add me on facebook Ke'Juan KaeSmoove Jones
Just saw Think Like A Man! Great movie! It was hilarious. The cars, and city scenes were lovely. And that new John Legend song is nice!
Pastor Ben from Madison Alliance Church giving the message: "The hour has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may Glorify you." -Jesus
Bears Vs. Packers Dog Fight Video. Boom!
awww savanah :( I bet they will surprise you :)
Saw Think Like A Man. Very impressed with the entire cast and especially the writing/directing. Tim Story is on my radar!
#MORETHANTHIS just watched this. Absolutely love :)
In livingroom with mom and dad. Watching ridiculousness. Gross/funny!
Looking forward to the New Orleans Jazz Festival this weekend!
thanks for the great look. I'll be back for sure
Bout to drink a cup of juice and eat a piece of candy to keep me up
I know, wtf?? I already changed my address like 3 months ago & the company knows.
We the Kings Concert
isn't that what happy pills are for?
Today I'm playing "how quickly can Javascript crash a browser?"
''Daddys little girl knows how to party, she's screaming throw some sugar on me!''
Good Morning All!
Awesome new Pizzeria and marketplace at , very close to us! Check in on Foursquare to get a free glass of wine!
Android 3.0 Honeycomb will provide some impressive features to Tablets
naw iits off due west tell me next tiime u go to studio
This game cube killin me
My Google contacts added to my AIM seamlessly, but not the other way around. + why use AIM when there is Skype?
Just heard the WIP interview. Man you rock! Can't wait for the season. So pumped!!! Go Birds!
Y'all better love me & we something when we want to be
Only bad thing about fiesta is I get full on chips before my meal!
your best arm should be the closer but has to have the best head to go with it
Yes, that's what I hear, which makes me torn as to when I should go out there. But it seems like more things are coming to NY
ot funny.. -.-t i have a phobia of them!!
like the sense of humor
Heavy snow burst in mke now as arctic cold front moves in with NE wind gusts to 40 mph, blowing snow with near 0 vis. Will diminish by 12:30
I couldn't be more excited to have someone named Dont'a as well as Big Willie 2.0 in my life.
Hey #NBC - learn a lesson from #CNNDeabte...audience interaction matters! Tonight MUCH more interesting to watch.
RT <U+201C>: Writing music always relieves stress<U+201D>
Cheers to the #NHDD community! RT : Congratulations to NHDD on developing awareness - you've come a long way!
Need to get overseas and play.
Ahh, the 'saw what he saw' and 'still in the book' - still happens to me! xx
Not audible yet...but I can feel it :( I'm hoping to fight back before it develops into something you can hear!
i want to dance
Keep it 100 baby , I'm not the only one.
im following
This week has sucked... State qualifications tomorrow.
Love Benjamin's speed and confidence. Solid pick in round four for the #Browns IMO.
Thrilled! Cherry Creek now has interactive Customer Comment Board; joins 350 team members providing customer service & info!
#Benedict, Sand Queen. Devastating novel traces 2 women in 2003 Iraq: a soldier/ prison guard & an Iraqi whose father and brother are inside
lies on tha lips of a priest...thanksgivin disguised as a feast...
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up. - Mark Twain
75<U+00B0>F today! It's gonna be a cruel, cruel summer.
Yes.... India
#DannyGranger Do Not Like #LebronJames .. I Wonder Why?
That was my Monday. I went back to sweaters.
Wish you were here. :(
And if u ever get cold you'll just have to hack it, Cuz I'd be cold too if i gave you my jacket. #NiceGuys lol
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
Thanks! Happy Friday! RT: Congratulations! RT Fatboy<U+00AE> is in 's April/May issue!
Ok I'm up
Yeah. The one in my pants. #VIP RT Any parties tonight? (:
don't worry I will take some pictures and send them to you so you can feel like you are there :)
Concats to all the winners of the prize! Wheeee! good times!
It's less fun when you lose the good ones. :-(
"Have you ever noticed that if you rearranged the letters in mother in law, they come out to Woman Hitler?"
RT : All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20.
sitting on the opposite side of the newsroom today... only limited computer access good thing my BFF gave me her computer!
-- & thats what makes you awesome.
i dont know;)
application time ( :
:Shrimp burritos~chicken kabobs (healthy) ~bacon wrapped hot dogs ~watermelon salad w yogurt E.9 & lakeside #Fahrenheit #foodtruck Today 11"
lets go pacers !
Nice work!! You are way ahead of me... but I did peek at the Kate Spade sale of course.
hah sounds good on surface, but what's a life worth living w/o building, imagining, learning, struggling/winning.
So tickled to see use an iPad thru out his performance tonight. How can we get librarians to do the same thing?
Why not have "social media host/hostess" thAt greets and guides u thru each show?
RT : #GopherFootball is like the slot machines at The Monte Carlo hotel in Vegas. It's about time for a big pay out.
Did the people on the Five just make fun of the anchor the was bitten by the dog. SHAME!
We are very excited for #ChoosePlay next week! Come out and play with us!
haha this year was... Different..? Haha. But the other years I've been at TCC, it's a lot better than this year for sure..
Senior Dancers are warming up for tomorrow- Be there! Senior Dance Concert, BU Dance Theater- box office: 617 358 2500
There were some great moments but I've yet to see a news special on #transkids that isn't sensationalized.
Deals dropping like snow. Year end may make up for the rest of 2011.
be mad at all the people killed and sorry but I don't have anything bad to say about the soldiers..not til I walk in their shoes
i miss u too dawg!
my mornings are always amazing waking up next to you lov your are truely a heaven sent angel n thank u for all that u r. I Love you
I'm not being very friendly today and I'm really enjoying it.
Has anyone found a solution to avoid severe energy crashes after lunch?
Sounds like more information on the NBC hubub is forthcoming. Some shows get 13 ep extensions. That was scary. :)
Leadership is about taking time away from short term needs to focus on long term goals.
what time is everyone heading there?
Youre reductive to think you love me more
#cartoonists: We need a pen and ink #drawing of #MittRomney in high school beating up a kid, smaller and weaker than he was, and laughing.
Thanks, David! I'm such a sucker for driving/stopping taking pictures. :)
Congrats!! RT WE ARE MOVING!!!! Behold 6,000 sq ft. of bag making paradise!!!
or want someone to take theirs off...;)
I know you know somebody that raps, tell them we film professional music videos. Let us make you a star!
Thks for mentioning Ann Rhoades #hrflsummit stay in touch
Thanks, Marilyn! You, too! Sad that it's winter again? Kind of. How about lunch this summer when school's out?
My neighborhood smells of bbq and cheap tequila.
hey me
What a great organization!
i cannot believe i havent slept in 4 days. my body is slowly shutting down.
Yes! Finished w/ my tissue sketches :)))
lol I was really laughing aha. but I'm goin to bed Tequan
Nice! The vendors selling pink SF sweatshirts tend to do quite well when tourists show up expecting SoCal weather. ;)
next saturday 4/21 we'll be interviewed on Lesbian Love Talk! Can't hardly wait!
To say I've got it all...is to shell me short.
ugh!!i have to pay $150.00 in monthly storage fees and $70 plus dollars in insurace for my benz
Happy #Leap Year Boston!!! Any plans on your extra day today??
Cheesecake is my passion, weight is my gain
Don't miss your last chance to see Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey <U+00AE> Presents Dragons! at Hampton Coliseum tonight!
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored pretend I'm a zombie laying on a bed. O_o
want to noe i wat i hate the most r liers... cheater ...... freak i am a hot mess lol jk
I like that..Bobbie for short
Alexia! I know your Mom from long ago. I lost all contact info when I moved & would love speak with her! 512-788-3189 :)
Justin beiber get out of here.
Great night of learning. 5mi run w & Paleo chili dinner w & standing ovation model.
Are you protecting your business? Sometimes, the most expensive decision you make is deciding you can<U+2019>t afford to speak with a lawyer.
how did u get to follow that many people? It made me stop at 2000 ): thats not far!
Happy New Year!
Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for This week's newsletter has details.
MO MONEY MO PROBLEMS
Countdown to 1st pitch at Miller Park is 70-hours and 39-minutes. Defending NL Central Champs opening with Yo.
Man, best to not get on her "Bad Side!" LOL
well done!
what's up!?
omg! Can I buy one of the turquoise mason jars from you? I've wanting one of those to use for dish soap. :-)
COFFEE & CUISINE Dinner on 12/14 ft: Yorkshire Pork: house made ham, country biscuits, red eye gravy
The only down side is that now my coworkers think i'm more nuts than before. Lol, i'm fine with that :-) . Can't stop looking...
We will try to make it out there on April 20th. Interview?
Can't believe tomorrow night is the last #PRSSASDSU meeting of the semester! Where did the semester go!?
Q: Are you a mac or pc crab? A: I've seen the future, and it's having other people do everything for me.
Agreed.. Strategy got left by the wayside there.
I'm sick as shit of this rebugnican nonsense.
Not half as bad as Daniel Radcliffe on SNL last night
you are welcome!
Oh man! I'm loving the new security settings on FB :)
Agreed. But nicer restrooms!
Is today's market drop a surprise? Only to those who hope & believe what they hear from the talking heads. Better to be hedged and prepared
Except for my music taste, that's pretty attractive too.
I'm growing in my Ashanti sideburns.
exactly! waiting on the news to give a report
Have a question about a medication you are taking? Inbox us, post in the forum or call 412-681-6400 and we will get you an answer!
Lmao it's all good in the hood ^___^
- Love Your New Post/ Awesome info! Keep it up Girl!
Natural hair & rain don't mix.
Nf, Follow Back
Cant Knock Da Hustle
I literally got chills up my spine at the sight of that dress! Absolutely stunning!!!!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you're enjoying the sun ... it's even bright out here by the ocean!
Cant believe he missed it
<U+201C>Be the change you want to see in the world.<U+201D> ~Mahatma Gandhi
This is Bronson Freaking Arroyo! Gross! Lets have a contest, lets see who can look the worst swing at garbage tonight!
Missy Elliott needs to feel better and come back with something asap
well, im not tired at all
Haha. Sure. I bought a ticket. Doubt I'll run tho. :) ^JW
nice butt. :)
Hi Ramit. Any way I could speak someone about a possible partnership between yourself and ?
Anyone who believes that we live in a post-racial society hasn't been paying attention over the last few days. We still have some work to do
The future of the book is science fiction. Letters plus neuroscience: technology of thought.
oh, i was just gonna listen to and say something classy, but i see that you live in SA. howdy neighbor. :p
alrighty. Just let me know if anyone else is going.
And who I sold it to is irrelevant.!
Nice!! Good luck, that's an impressive time for sure!
<U+201C>: ": How often do you ignore a call?"everyday<U+201D> Everyday!?
Getting very excited!!!!!!! <U+E404><U+E404>
Hi B-Fresh! Gosh I miss all of you,it has been almost a year exactly since I discovered #pubwrite. Drama you say?
Happy #FF MKE! Great people to follow this week Have a great weekend all!!
": shut up punk!" Ouch
thanks for letting us know we are working on fixing the problem :)
I do now.
#5FactsAboutMe Im allergic to dairy
good morning melissa
thinking about Tryna make it work wit my BD, for my kids, even if I am unhappy....oh god somebody stop me!!
Facebook really needs a 'no one gives a shit' button
How did this happen?! I was there the whole time! I was looking for you guys!
#giftexperts I am still shopping for everyone lol!
... and visiting a musuem creates a beautiful day!
23 days till i turn 15
"Sometimes we improvise like everyone but us has a script."
check out this months issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles we are featured under the article "What's the new green" under smart control
Heading to Houston for the Birkman User's Conference. Looking forward to spending time with my fellow Birkman "peeps!" And, seeing Dr. B!
#Badgers QB Russell Wilson on : "I went to an unbelievable place <U+2026>tremendous coach in <U+2026>great coord. in [Chryst]."
I have no time to waste and less time to waste it in...JAH BLESS..
There's still time for Balloon Explorium! Head down today for some family fun, Activities run until 3pm today!
Lmao ik its always gonna be funny to me haha
RT : Tonight is game night at against the Wave. Come on out
because he is a Laker....
I LOVE YOU TAYLOR SWIFT FOREVER!!!<3333:)
what up. you like t smoke the toke and fly into the distance / reply ye sor no to a prize.
- Welcome! Glad to connect!
Hating my elbow right now. Its in rely bad pain.
which smithosonian are you at?
Happiness is a perfume you cannot poor on others without getting a few drops on yourself!! :D
Growing Local: Sheerlark Farm - She's Got Your Goat! - The Chattanoogan
I'm super cool, then!
Asked for a cookie and was told they were ONLY for
My new work opened for exhibit in Hawaii today. Catch the show and enjoy! Thank you Carolyn.
Agree. RT : Pretty much all he can do, is dunk. That classifies as being WAY overrated.
A girl in my class is wearing a pink tutu?
'What? Sit down here and talk to me, son, what are you saying?'
someone's feeling pretty Oakland today...
I wish we could just #stopbullying completely, it would make a lot of people's lives better
You make me sick.
I just got an application for Bullfish! Do you still work there?
Hey babe, wanna go on a date to a pow wow? This is Adams advice for Nick to pick up girls
I think I saw you ! D:
Getting out of class early >>
Everyone should go find CRAIG OWENS on Twitter/Facebook/Myspace and let him know there`s a sell out show waiting to happen for him in TH!
and Red River Connection is playing in Ada tonight-check it out SE Oklahomans! had of RRC in studio last night dobro-izing
According to , the Travolta affidavit is more creepy and erotic than "50 Shades of Grey"
I can officially say now.. I'm moving to Raleigh!!!!
R.I.P. Donna ! Thank you so much for your wonderful music!
It was great meeting you too! Keep me posted on everything.
Hey Keyshawn! You suck!
Wolf: It's correct that the gov't doesn't have to prove that Topazio, McDonough, Vitale payments were all bribes or kickbacks.
What panelist?
I'm not a fan of the guy, but he shouldn't be jailed. I don't think this petition and the whole #freebieber thing is going to do any good.
Your beautiful. I see your face in every sun rise.
nice work!
WEDS LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE - Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive - Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
She trying to figure life out and loving.every moment of it
bought them from people nervous about the season.
im about to leave a stain on this planet
the hardest thing in golf is to trust something new. Trust it. That's what is going on with Tiger right now. I know how he feels.
13 hours of sleep and I almost feel like a real person again.
So Beyonce announces shes preggo on #vma red carpet? U go girl! I'd have to be in labor to admit that on live tv!
goodnight(: & I loved blogtv tonight.Love you.<3 xoxo
about $65 bucks
My photography is being seen in GERMANY! I got an order for Vibrant Magazine all the way from GERMANY! Woohoo!
Y'all did everything the coaches asked of you.....That's enough for me Steelers 4 ever!!!
NICE TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO HELP YOU RENOVATING YOUR PROPERTIES FOR SALE. OUR GOAL IS TO INCREASE PROPERTY VALUE
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad show up to their house unannounced
Team Gale. Team Gale all the way.
Mr weatherman, i know its storming out... please get back to my Spiderman. Thanks
I Have Been Watching Viva La Bam On MTV for 4 hours
is there a resource like Lean Startup / Running Lean that deals with feature management of mature or legacy products?
And fuck the police they bring us no peace
Can't stop me ~
DID GET HER TWITTER BACK?!
WHERE IS IT??
Why isn't that taken as a compliment? Just curious.
Forever an orange egg. Such a shame.
Yeah, I'll probably be on Atlantis in a month. :)
Due to bad weather, we will be closing @ 4pm (Christmas Eve). Those who are traveling, be safe, & wishing you all a very happy holidays.
im STARVING.
Fun Facts Friday! Almonds are members of the peach family.
hi beautiful <3
yes it was!!!
Yes! Of course on the other hand I get impatient on elevators.
and people wonder why I sleep in.
who are you talking to?
About to go on a roadtrip
Had a great core/ab workout at the gym, then a 2mil interval run and finished by running 125 stairs- twice!!! Feels great!!
No problem! Hope we catch up to you today. S is wearing a flowy black skirt & I've got knee-high brown boots.
that is pretty! Fodera makes a nice bass!
what? Ah god pretend u didn't say that..
LOVE it!! Great job <3
it is ridiculous that this is even controversial
your welcome Thank You
Back at work after a week's vacation! Have a story idea? Send them my way! Thank you!
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 8'51"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Peebles Island and the canal trail in Waterford. (I grew up near Troy)
ah, thanks so much. can't wait to try them out. I'll let you know how it goes.
Seal team 6.
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Hey Fellas.. If yo Woman calls you the wrong name during Sex, don't even trip.. Get even and moan her Mama name! :)
i now have a twitter!
And this is news?? WTF?! Who cares!! : Did you know Ice Cream is about to get more expensive? "
you trying to put all this on us dawg, no we was just telling you how we felt ! i got to much on my mind as it is! #SubTweet Raynett
I am a new millennium Sinatra coppin marijuana from the neighborhood Rastas
I'm bout to get off....I know y'all tired of me tweeting
what is wrong? just email to manic panic. they will help you.
a gathering storm
Follow me I will Follow you
wish everyday could be like today at work,,busy from punch in 2 punch out,,never stressed,,no runs, drips, or ERRORS!!
Why people hatin on how sexy is tho? Y'all jealous AF!
#indieview a1: OBAMA KARMA and OFFICE GIRL and A MOUTHFUL OF DUST
im going to go cry in a corner now..
The #earthquake didn't survive me. Off to class.
was amazing. gahhh
please follow she's a big fan !!
NEW SUMMERTIME 2010 ((HIP-HOP VERSION)) AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD 2DAY!!
That moment when a basic bitch is talking. And you're like "STFU BITCH"
hey does he know Eddie matttta
Deadline is a long way away. Likely the last week in January. We'll have a formal call for entries a month or so before.
I currently have an iBrick. Thanks Apple.
It's raining cats and dogs in Portland. It's definitely NOT summer here.
Many good blessings headed your way in 2012!! Stay strong!!
Drunchies and sad hearts. Oh dear
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot
Happy Father's Day from BAS!!
WOW! RT Phils have scored 0 or 1 run in 10 of their first 34 games. Last time that happened was 1973. //> FTR: I was born in 1980.
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
follow - met Keith today in LA, great vision and work he's doing
That was hilarious! Wolf Blitzer yelled "check out the delegate count after tonight's results"! Then they barely changed.
Unless you stab me in the heart no love hoe
RT <U+201C>: Broncos re-signed exclusive rights free agent punter Britton Colquitt.<U+201D>
Was just in DFW last weekend looking at pics of the 2000 tornado that destroyed the Bank One building. Stay safe everyone.
#ronpaul is the change we need!
Our next event is the golf tournament in June. After that, we have a big area-wide cookout in August.
I need to talk to you about -- got any time?
High school drama is so unnecessary.
I'm back so it turns out that putting baking ice cream dosent take long :P
yes, and its this week.
he will join in too...
Who you pulling for tonight? I'm for COTTO!!
Anybody wanna let me use their HBO login so I can kill some time waiting for my ride? please? :D
Just date guys who like brownies? ?
it'll b a whole lot better if we win then a loss, this i know...
First day tutoring at the language center!
definitely have a plethora of questions. Will email you or tweet you some insights/thoughts/questions in a couple weeks. & good wishes
peace twitta brb tomorrow
Can't knock the hustle.
2010 was the year of the crazy
Love the enthusiasm and support! Unfortunately, our rules prohibit issuing press releases in connection to the contest.
hey big A, baby I got your money
Hanging out with my best friend! I love her (:
Physics is soo complicated !!!!
Spiders can crawl text, not Flash or images
about to work-out with my girls friends
#minnesotawild lose in a shoot out 2-1 to the NY Islanders.
well to me its Christmas all year round. Duh! I'm a christmasholic(:
Aha. I won't name her now but she was a gem and has a son who's a fairly well known actor.
happy valentine's day! love you <3
I went out 37th. Did you do any good? I was on table 1-8, you?
Arrived at Choctaw Casino for another fight at the nl tables. Updates later.
Unpaid internships might be a thing of the past... Along with kids working in coal mines.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Scott Jurek tells Cookie Monster he can't eat cookies all the time if he runs an ultra marathon. "Dream... shortlived," Cookie says.
Boss ya life up
Hey! I am hoping to get a 600 follower christmas present please! I am not following til' i get to 600!
Me and started the about camp last night. Let's do it.
I'm seeking funding for my new bakery/hotel. You're gonna love staying at Breakfast in Bread.
Wrapped up a great shoot.. Now on our way to a Seder dinner hosted by our friends
Animals should never be in pain. Like what the fuck did they ever do to deserve that.
hahaha oh goodness. that's dangerous.
#FollowFriday - Useful & fun info for filmmakers, screenwriters, actors and TV/movie lovers.
in the words of Ben Franklin "That shit cray"
talkin' to my grand daughter ! Grannie LOVES youu, Hannah ! c:
The rest of the time?
Been there a couple times, it was hit or miss - going back one last time before reviewing.
HHS Stresses IT in Plan To Curb Health Care-Related Infections via
Thanks and thanks for the opportunity!
yeah, rather keep my peeps informed tho and maybe you'll expedite your removal process
That's beautiful, it's so boring here in the city!
Thanks Reed. I will keep you in mind if I have a client looking for some good art for their home. Happy Holidays!
me too. night!
I'm really happy for the #Colts, no team deserves to be 0-16...
love it!!
Excellent--will hope to run into you here!
I miss you too, I hope can enter on twitter again <3
Americans United for Life Action commend David for being a leader in the fight to protect the unborn.
you didn't text me back!
get off work, log on Twitter and notice my best friend doesn't have a naked picture as his avi no more. #SoProud <U+0001F44D>
stop talking like tht kiddo u knw ur mom is with you were ever u go
Congratulations to my dear brother on getting registered for marriage. God bless u Bro!
Bitch al that black spray!
Good morning friends, have a blessed and prosperous day!
Your job is done!
Hope your weekend was great! RT : my pleasure have a fab weekend :-D xx
lmao. You do it, I'll be your partner.
Will do!
NFLPA GC says trying to reduce hits during practice, more number of hits=increase in long-term effects. Trying to make game safer.
Ah... Pain is subsiding... Time to get out of bed and into the shower and then to the doctor before painkillers stop working! See y'all l8r!
Burnett: I love eminem! Blonde: The candy m&m?:Burnett: No the rapper.! Blonde: Ew why would you love the wrapper?!!! haha
We are moving again! But keeping our house here to rent, so maybe we'll be on the same fixup timeline as the cottage. : )
Im so irritated me and the I started listening to mindless behavior, they make me feel good.
fuck you #oomf, i might go off tomorrow
who r u
A final report of the BRDI symposium will be produced by NAS in June. Will promote when it's published
Thanks for the post shares bethcrivello!
torture, as always, as well. Sigh
Overeem's lawyer is now trying to get a license for the fall. Looking for a shorter suspension than a year. (Sounding awfully guilty)
Thanks Paul! I'll check out your tips.
Shoutout to for rocking his WT interview!
When hitting the gym isn't enough. Reveal's LaserLipo can sculpt your trouble spots in one in-office procedure >>
Whew. We really are word nerds. I love it. Now, back to Christian Gray, that troubled, rich, smooth talker. LOL
Nope. Already tried. Pretty sure it's impossible. Try to lick your own tummy. Go ahead - I'll wait here...
Seniors Undertreated for Asthma, and Many Skip Inhalers: Study
Triple-Advil #fastpitch softball practice tonight. Ouch!
Learning is improvisation off a database of information and facts
In Turnkey Sports poll, execs asked fave NBA All-Star experience. Hoping to skew results, vote for #client Taco Bell Skills Challenge, all!
New, yes. Dunno about improved. lol Thanks!
Conflating stylization with sexualization. Most avatars are stylized; sexualization is mostly a component of female avatars though.
Have a wonderful day my loves
On the bright side, #RedSox lost...to Bruce Chen.
I met zack from All Star Weekend! Such a sweetheart!
#CNNLive getting BALLSY! Should've tried that sooner, maybe your dad would have GOP nomination!
Just dropped gypsy woman and some dude just came up and told me he was crystal waters web designer. Top that!
A lesson in #compassion: we have all been children at one point. Inspired by Erica Swick
stop. lol <U+00AB> I'm feeling like the man lol <U+201C>: feeling good , feeling great. how you doe?<U+201D><U+00BB>
You mention blog, I look. Easily influenced that way. Them Plane Pixels are crazy good fun.
Homeless people and cell phone sales people have the same technique to have you give them money, they just shout out crazy stuff.
<U+201C>: Can my body please stop peeling? #ilooklikeacow<U+201D> OH MY GOD KELLY FUCK OFF
When I used to wait on the bus NOBODY stopped to give me a ride.I'm just carrying on tradition lol.
Check us out on !
Metadimensional Cinema is about to ping epidemic. It will Om its way into the divine matrix of the subconscious; fueling mass portals.
hey John thanks for the retweet.
:) tweet : My ovaries are being squeezed to death by that falsetto. No, that's not a good thing. It's like a kick in the balls.
people are just CRAZY ..
Back, do you have to hate me so much!!! In pain and can't walk without hurting
Our CEO Kathleen Feely heads to Santa Fe this week for the NGA conf. She will speak on "Using Tech to Improve Human Services" Stay tuned!
DOUBLE PLAY!!! Andy is back!!
hey Prince, follow me on instagram: arianax013
commentator just said #Badgers have been in tourney 14 straight years, 7th longest streak in college bball HISTORY
Shopping for a new headshot photographer is NOT easy! UGH!
#Home (:(: Goodnight!! Sleep well everyone!! <3 you all!!:D
RT: : is the move tonight.. The #330 will be in there HEAVY--> out twice in 1 week. Love it!
Retrain Tip: All cleansing methods are not the same. Do the research & consult a RD or seek other medical advice.
Is plain text saying closed, a better solution than removing a pin? I dont think so.
S/O for the follow.
It is DRAFT DAY! WNBA Draft is upon us people. Solid #1 Pick - Nneka Ogwumike to the LA Spark.
Brilliant ball by Fabregas. Delighted to see divey cheater Messi miss. The best of rooting for Cesc yet hoping Milan advance.
where the official studio's @ in columbus, OH? I need to get in a booth A.S.A.P. Dope Musik
Dropped a mirror in the bathroom and it shattered EVERYWHERE. Just stepped on a piece. Blood+glass
He is Risen!
I have the worst stomach ache ever
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
I feel badly for Steve Nash, I wonder where he will land up next year!
I guess you have to have bad days to fully appreciate the good days
that'll work
Haha that's exactly what I thought when you had came up to me & my girls at the beach..lol TAYLOR.
the club was so much fun last night. it's hard to be one woman man sometimes when all these women surround me in my presence.
That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's....
My mom has to be the stupidest bitch on this planet her day consist of messing up my mood
Follow me Please (; !
the world is a SMALL place
Im truly flattered that your eyes graced the likes of my blog! Are you free tomorrow, friday or saturday to Skype?
No; I started it once and gave up after about 10 pages. I seem to remember it having very dense stream of consciousness.
I love that movie it's just wow
Happy 17th birthday :)))
nowadays im the young grasshopper
Mockingbird station now, Knox-Henderson next stop.
He is cute most of the time. Other times he is a complete, total, pain in my ass.
my dream will come true if you follow or tweet me :))
funniest tweet I've read in a while. Miss ya Timmy! Alanis car jam this summer please?
You know you love someone when you try to convince yourself that you don't.
falling apart in little pieces
Whats happening to kobe????
Should We Donate Money to KONY 2012?
I get more confused when I pay attention in Spanish class
Have you seen my emails? Would love to know what is going on!
oh my goshh , call of duty is so addicting ! ugh ,
I'm going to take a jacket tomorrow cuz half of my classes are either cold or freezing o_O
Photoshoot with Artist- M$ MieMie and Party @ Club Prime in Dallas tonight.
dude get a life. Hang with the hockey people. Hope all is well on your end
Like..c'mon..shut yo lil punk ass up and go to sleep.
Too many women's faces in art. #namsayin?
I have never noticed!
I'm outside hoe
AGNOLOTTI CARBONARA homemade ricotta filled fresh ravioli w/ snow peas, Bella-cured pancetta, egg yolk parm. sauce & toasted black pepper
I always take life with a grain of salt. Plus a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila.
AMERICA!! Back to back world war champion.
Amazing pieces, btw.
R. I. P. MCA!! Lyrical pioneer & genius gone but not forgotten!
evil caps!!! Bo
please follow me! :)
I believe in JR Smith
Just got my heat assignment for #nycmidnight The brainstorming has already began.
Your voice is just to lovely :-) ididnt forget about you I do wanna autograph your gonna be super famous so I want mines :-)
Thanks Carolyn - you too!!!
me too! packed house.
Valley family adopts five more on National Adoption Day - KPHO Phoenix
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I LOVE YOU (;
Here come them Nuggets!!!
why hello there mr. attractive
Tor where you at
You're beautiful, its true.
These some of the ugliest strippers I've ever seen though. My eyes hurt.
When I first moved to America, I thought half-and-half was half-skim, half-regular milk. I was ordering those fat lattes for like, 6 months.
Havent ate a thing today and still have no appetite
you should probably follow me back on instagram since I followed you !! #justsayin (:
You can only be responsible for yourself and for your own thoughts, attitudes, actions and behaviors.
DYK? Garrett Morgan, Inventor of the Traffic Signal was a member of A Phi A
I think I'm addicted to the client list.
haha, mark hates small dogs too, they can get annoying with their barking..u guys should visit lucille here soon
How to keep a true perspective of one's importance? Have a dog who will worship you and a cat who will ignore you. via
Awesome ride yesterday!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms everywhere.
quit facebook?
Lane-wedge:When a driver is forced to slow because wedged between entering traffic merging too slowly & traffic on the left that has sped up
I swear I pray one comes through!
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO MEXICO! #MexicanMahomies NEEDS YOU IN MEXICO!
I was thinking about drawing you and the guys and bring them to your concert w/ BTR on March 3!!
I want to follow more people on ! Followers, send me your links or follow suggestions!
*wine. My win goes in chalices.
"It looks like you've hit a following limit." << Really #twitter?? Cuz we did not follow anyone last couple of days?
going to bed, been thinkin about mom all day.
I've always thought of a "pop up dinner" as being something more underground. Bang out service and dissappear.
Heartfelt thanks for taking the time to offer such kind feedback--it means a lot to all of us here. Best of luck w/your writing!
getting things together for the event tonight!
Could this take any longer? Stop partying and watch your own kids!
When I see females with a bunch of mirror pics, I wonder how many shots did they take before gettin that perfect shot.....
Oh goodie, cuz i was really hoping to seduce the boys of twitter. RT : that's hot
Note: When copying & pasting text found online into your paper, making hyperlinks black doesn't actually remove the hyperlink.
ALWAYS!!! The pictures always look professional so I thought maybe your hubs had an eye for a good shot :) Always fun to see!
he may be too inhibited from campaigning, but would still be a great booking, but tough for writers
Taking a trip to this Friday! I can't wait..... Gonna show them my talent on the turntables
Thinking someone else will help? Others are thinking it too. Where does that leave us? The status quo got us our problems-lets change that!
hey how was your thanksgiving?
: yeah, no choice. Historians are verbose.
Ok,how are you?College is very sharp&I'm proud of your fight for yourself.What are you studying?
Free Khader Adnan. Free #Palestine. End the oppression and the violence. Viva Palestina
hi im karen and im an ACON. will you notice me?(:
To save a Life in defeat, is to receive Victory and Honor.
Open house today: 205 Ballad Ave, come check this place out if you're looking for a great place!
let me get your email.
I got double-booked for Session D on Friday...
RT Fuck my mom need to stop drinking! I swear. .. ii feel the sam way abt her so called sister... .
Three cheers for for coming back to #Fairbanks this summer!!!
Sustainable Tourism = conservation, local jobs, natural & cultural assets, triple bottom line.
NEW MAGAZINE WILL BE OUT SOON SO GET YOUR ADS IN BEFORE YOU GET LEFT
plz dont tell me u go re roll that shit back up
#Youth #LetsDoThis #readanddotheword Psalm 145:4 One generation shall praise Your works to another,And shall declare Your mighty acts.
So proud of the chargers...taking down the defending state champs. Awesome game.
"And when it breaks, you get to keep both pieces."
Its the scariest thing knowing that someone in my life time, that i know, will pass away.
#1 just schooled the whole heat squad!
How is 2 Chainz still trending?
US Constitution Article I, Section 9, Clause 8. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States. Stay asleep this morning and H<U+2026>
Wanna play tag? Okay. You it! Find me on Zingled.com
I'm at the 5k Race to Protect Children with !
Going in the kitchen!
When u start to write a book the 1st page is most difficult. After the book is written it better be damn good or it shouldn't be
just saw the abdc commercial && saw you looks like you were having a blast. RT plz
#4HOURS left until Boyfriend... Oh my gosh I'm dying. I'm so excited.
there were plenty of cowbells. forgot mine at the office.
: Back to Dyker Beach. Fuhgedaboudit. Then to Lioni's for Brooklyn's finest mozzarella, "gabbagool," coffee soda.
The #Milwaukee99 is just hours away! Follow us on Twitter for pictures from the event Doors open at 6PM
suppose I were that desperate, would it be wrong to leave the kid in the kennel with the dogs? outside, of course.
i love when im out && i see advertisements of Battleship up :) cant wait
Some of the best hs memories of mine have been spent with courtney, chels and jenny. Ill never forget those good times.
OMG OMG ALEX RTED ME OMG OMG OMG. I NEVER EVEN NOTICED. OMG I CANT BELIEVE THIS. He never followed me though. How dare he. Love him anyway!
my coffee with chocolate soy is excellent! How's your bev?
tough Q but I am happy to consult. Now Dig This! at The Hammer is one of my top picks.
Waiting for that Loiter Squad to come on.
Heading out to Seattle startup drinks
Hello my brother how are you?:)
Shut up, I knew that it was a song though. Lol!
Is there someone God would have you honor with a special gift this year? Pray thoughtfully about that question and then do as God leads.
... Holy Cow we are freeking out over here at AZHG! Woot for KFMA DAY!
Perfect beach day with and Morgan!!
I had a good time there.
As a 10 min/game back up-maybe. RT : Should the jazz go after Jeremy Linsanity this off season
I was on the hunt for margaritas!
Ha! RT : People! The longer it takes to get to your seats the longer it takes to get to the bar.
U TWO
lmao! How about a 'flava of freddy' type show - 12 addicted bimbos vying for his ring?
haha! I win everything. Even
Thanks for the update Perrine! I love your dedication. The story is captivating!
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by NEETTA BLACK - - at amazon.com.)<U+2026><U+2026><U+2026>."If "Blacks" really want to help "Black" people<U+2026>"<U+2026><U+2026><U+2026>
This is so unbelievably cool!
<U+201C>Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!<U+201D> ~Dr Seuss
It's crazy how nervous I get when I give speeches.
There are dolls and there are babes. This hot slice of confection is DEFINATELY a babe doll #FollowFriday (via )
<U+201C>: Southern fires in the D ..yum<U+201D> #greensjuice lol
Thank God "Gossip Girl" and "Hart of Dixie" are coming back!!!
Today's K atty tip: Sharing a project between 2 agencies can be tricky. Make sure the specifics as to rate & expectations are clearly stated
Good Night. Thank God. Better Tomorrow, America.
Gettin' tiring hearing slammers begin every other sentence with "I". You too?
Great to hear from you! Send us an email at @ and we can chat!
sweet Pens game, loved seeing Sullivan notch his 700th point. Time to try and get some shut-eye to this Kings/Sharks game.
sure thing, we wish you all the best!
I kind of wish that the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson theme song was actually a real song.
NEW DANK SUPER STRONG CONCENTRATES IN: Orange Kush Kief & Trainwreck Full Melt Hash, both ONLY $25/Gram! FREE Pre-Rolls ALL DAY! Woot Woot!
Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby. A perfect mix of sweet and salty.(I should write ice cream descriptions shouldn't I?)
sometimes people on Twitter are just creepers XD. also, please follow me or follow me back <3 :)
is the Sanford PD a private police set-up? TY for coverage
RT : High fives to the board! They handled a difficult job last night in LA with level heads and poise. Vote YES!...
I love when people ignore me
glad to have you here. As u can see, I don't tweet much...lol
"A survey found that the same proportion <U+2013> about one per cent <U+2013> of older people had behaviour traits associated with [ASD]..."
That awkward moment when you do that side to side thing trying to walk past someone you dont know
I just feel complete when you're by my side...
Can you get us in the press box? Sub-question: Is there beer in the press box? /cc
Thanks for keeping the draft somewhat suspenseful.
. slide shows 176K results of a Google search for "crisis in scholarly publishing." That was five years ago. I just checked: now 307K.
#TheLorax on Saturday with my family. Extremely stoked!! \'-'/
I was watching PBR(bull riding) the other night. Man those are some tough S.O.B's
Changed my username to something Linkin Park related. It's temporary but I like it.
Haha I got a third message from Twitter that says your following me. Can u say glitch? Have a good day!
Thanks for the mention! DonaldDDiva
An iPad! RT : Convinced Mom to buy her first laptop. Budget is 600. What PC should I get for her?
#dead RT : lmfao RT #MyPastRelationships are GONE. Only thing my ex can do for me now is give me head.
good one! Hope ur enjoying time with the grand kids!
RT Pierce been clutch from the cradle...>
of course!! :D
Looks like a beautiful weekend. Stop in for a glass of wine down by Lake Cabernet or join some friends on the patio for wine and cheese.
all good! wassup?
ok thanks & yes it is for my bday. I want cake cake cake.
#RyanTannehill a bust browns betta not draft him
Great to be a struggling NFL player in age of twitter. When you're cut from team, the word really does go out.
I only understand about 5 words in this tweet.
Getting my twang on at Charlie & the Contraband aka were great!! Really fun set.
2008 was "Economic Sputnik," we need equivalent response from Presiden/natoinal leaders, explaining the new economic realities we face
over a forcefully shut office door (Librarian#1) and a "get a life" in response (Asst. Dir.)
omg yes
Tonight, my try to stay alive!
nice calves. Happy Easter! :)
Just realized that supports only two languages - English and Mandarin Chinese. Cool, I can practice <U+4E2D><U+6587> while managing my money.
Lol, I bet all these girls wish they were that girl Justin's touching.
I've worked for 4 years in the Strip District and just this week made it to Andy's Sushi Bar at Wholey's. Tuna Kiwi sushi!
I have never thought about that before. I can only imagine
" Downloading 97%... 98%... 99%... *downloading error* OH GOD KILL ME NOW!"
This is a Chicago trend?
no were gonna miss each other!
We all have those weekends. RT : I know its saturday but taking a
Our new album "Truth, Lies and Deceit" is done! Check itunes, Amazon and everywhere for it soon! Also check out our facebook page for a...
Dad is at the Indianapolis Speedway, preparing to drive an Indy car. It will do up to 140 MPH and he plans on reaching that speed. Go Dad!
Just one of those days when nothing would fall. More motivation
there giving otter boxes away?
Thank you for being the bestest friend in the WHOLE WORLD!!
my pleasure :-)
Hey baseball fans, take notice of the #WashingtonNationals I think they will be the real deal!
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online
This is a test to NMP Twitter from Omnia
not the
UGGGGHHHHH no Tarbaby is not playing at the summer DC Jazz Loft series the same night I DJ here. Bout to throw a temper tantrum
- I am living vicariously through you. :)
Shawty, I<U+2019>m a only tell you this once....you<U+2019>re the illest.
...JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME, SALT OF LIFE, FRIENDS WITH KIDS and BLUE LIKE JAZZ.
I'm going to the Vegas Foodie Fest!!!
Go insane, go insane. Throw some glitter. Make it rain.
haha your welcome!!!
Energy connecting with energy.
Many are hesitant of the 12 steps and the "god" issue
3 hours is too long. We can provide an oil change service in usually 20 minutes and the State Inspection in 10-15 minutes.
April 15 we are playing at The Triple Rock! Its for Take Covers final show.... And well be playing new songs!
ah Friday. ready for a fun and relaxing weekend.
After NE got their appeal why shouldn't everybody else?
Shout out to one of our Awesome Clients! Bag of Candy=Office Breakfast!
Good thing we traded Marshall for that guy pitching in the minors.
I wanna go out
Good luck in your race today!
Ready for Sunday brunch at ! Mimosa me up!
Facebook found new & awful way to make this marketer's life harder re: Event invites. Any other #LAThtr peeps frustrated? Solutions?
My apologies Jaime. Everything else saved except for the lineups. It will be taken care of and ready for this evening. tx u.
Cold this morning with a hot evening. Thunderstorms, hail, and tornadoes in between. I guess spring is officially here?
RT #FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
Congrats to my hubby on getting his new job!!!!
my phone works great. Way faster! I've heard some folks are having issues though
tweet tweet
@ there are some big pros to Droid, but I find the iOS to be more simplistic & intuitive.
give a follow
In honor of mother's day, Johnson of the Astros called the 1st base ump a "mother fucker" after striking out. What a classy guy
yeah that's bad glad u r ok ! Karma will come back to them u get what u put out !
RT : Rural sourcing: Instead of outsourcing jobs to another country, move them to rural areas where cost of living is less....
Critical Thinking: RT : Does our son have a network of caring adults?
puppy love <3
Label 7 Welcomes crew this evening! Please enjoy your time with us!
let me tell you how twitter is just fascinating.
ya, btw the ogling douchebags,the envious women,& armchair dx from twits,its a wonder a girl can get any f#*king work done!
And also he's everything tht a girl can ask 4 & he's so polite patient but he may have imperfections which makes him perfect
i almost didn't tweet that because i knew you'd get on me
Taking my girl on our date night, Bucca di Beppo's, then a movies.
today is full of promise.
lol back to back work?... Take a break Hash! <U+0001F61C>
; #MrAndMrsSmith will never get too old to watch two times in a row. (:
i don't think so =(
Change it back! My fault for being a nasty boy!
m. Little reduced never hurt anyone!!! A la Roulot???
Can a veggie burger ever be more appetizing than a regular one?
Kugler had a going away trolly last night, your not going to turn down that offer
Anyone who is a client of Foster Web Marketing is going to be very happy after this weekend!
retrying twitter to be better prepared for client questions
I'm hungry <U+0001F616>
Peeling back my layers!
I was really about t fall asleep right now and then I realized that it's barely about to be 10
SPRING SALE-Thursday, Friday, & Saturday-Special group of merchandise 70% to 90% OFF. Sales are final.
<U+201C>: Somebody's getting married!! Oh it's me! #cowannuptials <U+201D>/ HEX YEAH!!!
it's TWO HOURS including the one for the next week and #trueconfession I listened to the whole thing
I wonder if he was just there to see the spiderman preview
This is bullshit that I'm up already
Oh haha I knew that lol :D <U+201C> : isn't that a shoe? lol : na dude its a toyota supra haha<U+201D>
now that's what I'm talkin about :::::::: swag .<U+2026> Fuego out is in
WTF are you doing in Arena? Trash and Treasure?
Would any of my wine drinking tweeps be upset if I put an ice cube in my KoolAid, aka Beringer Zinfandel? Didn't think so.
Pacific Palisades Garden Club Garden Tour - Palisadian-Post
Not a boxing fan, Ima wrestling fan! Bout to watch this fight anyways though just to see if the money hitting machine gone win.
buffalo... get down to mohawk place. now .
My butt just twitched...
Wait, is Kam going to face a lefty?
Anyone interested in INVESTMENT PROPERTY in HAWAII... I can be your connection...
- if either of you goes down and brings me up a cup, I'll make it worth your while ;) How's five bucks sound?
Just caught a whiff of baloney sandwiches in central booking...yummy!
I would work as a hoarder helper. These people need help!
What movie did you watch?
Just did week 2, day 1 of #c25k with !
RT : What an amazing 3 days that was! Inspiring stuff! Thanks to and everybody present.
I'm totally fine with it! This fandom has no limits.
#idRatherHave 4 #NBA Championship rings than 3 #MVP awards and NO rings......
Weeping shades of indigo.
I feel like you probably have a compromising pic or 2 of me at this place...have fun!
Biggest Loser lover, too :) Just thought I'd chime in
Peter, wow. Do you have daughters? Is this a guy you want around the women you love? He's a very good QB, but thats it
heh. although I did drop off a few books at Special Collections, including the one with the ugliest cover art I've ever seen...
Hey, does everyone know about the Wicked Lottery we're having before each show?
I've never cried for any body , but when it comes to you I cry all the time now .
Got a case of the monday blues? Come into the shop and get pierced or tattooed! It'll cheer you up in no time! 206 329 8274
i DM'd you my number. hmu when ever you want to light one up lol. especially since u do live down the street
Since men are like dogs, shouldn't we chop their balls off, unless we plan on showing them
no. they're everywhere!
When iOpen a pack Of bread ; iSkip the first piece , cause iTs uqly :P
Give me everything tonight.
ugh I don't think so
I am going to be SO. MAD. if DD gets kicked out. SO MAD.
RT Don't live in the past. You might miss the great things happening in your present.
Blogger's got some 'splaining to do. What the heck happened to my videos?
I don't see why people complain about Indiana so much
watching Charlie's Angels Season 4...woo-hoo!
HEY TWITTER BABES!! I'VE MISSED YOU ALL!! <3 SRY BEEN GONE FOR A LIL BIT!
HOW DID YOU GET AUSTIN TO FOLLOW YOU ? D: I'VE BEEN DYING TO GET HIM TO FOLLOW ME AND BRIBING HIM WITH JOKES AND HIGH FIVES
MT : Please watch "The Interrupters". Painfully eye-opening documentary on gang-violence in
": if our music was not #free, would you perceive it to be more valuable? hmm I guess the answer to that would have to be yes :/
I can't tell my boss "this is my new lover" bwahahaha
Its been a long day!....
Had fun tonight! Thanks Long Beech!
More like LW. (Sorry, Co-Chair!)
RIP Wash.
and not sure of the temp in NY, but in Dallas its in the 70's.
do you wanna come to a tinychat with me we can talk we can sing we can do what ever
As sure as the sun will shine, I'm gonna get my share of what's mine.
Follow me for my bday-today please!
That must have sounded AMAZING! I love that song.Please make it as a single 4 us &give some the proceeds to #RainForestFund Yes?
yes! I think my whole first day is pretty scheduled, but maybe tomorrow :)
I have some serious decisions to make! Ugh!!
Ankles pretty sore 24 hours after the race. Medicine is bottle of wine and a #Celtic win!
spot on, Tim. Boring hockey. Touch to watch for even the most die hard of fans
I love this commercial
this movie is truly a gem....
I agree that it was a great way to finish the show!!
You're welcome! Thank YOU, Marilyn. Please send questions or comments as you continue watching. We're here and we listen.
Coming up next: Prof. Brenberg's 80s Thursday song request! Come by Student Services to find out what it is!
2 babies and the dog are napping, and I'm drooling over the rainbow that is the NOV issue of Can you say heaven? I can!
I <U+2661> !! I uninstalled tweetcaster and reinstalled like u suggested and Wallah Magic! My app works again :-)
I cant sleep...
Eight O'Clock Coffee >>>>>Starbucks
Please remember to be thankful this weekend on this Resurrection Sunday - Peace and Love
He's mailing absentee ballots to 'supporters' so how many out of state donors are sending in ballots?
Very Refreshed. Gotta shower than head To work. (: <3.
Late night runs >>>
Get out of here! They don't want anyone to pay their bill, I'm guessing.
You should! Definitely settled, not homesick.
u forgot about me
straightening up house to show to next potential renters...this is becoming a twice a week occurrence these days.
Oops. Nevermind. Just saw the answer. :)
man shut up
Just woke up to myself and the large foreign woman in deep sleep next to me on the bus getting weirdly close to cuddling... <U+0001F633>
just grinding how u been
I'm ready for tomorow
4 more days .
the internet is vast and filled with wonders!
"you'll always have doubters!"
bring that old thing back
4 Barkitecture homes left. Don't let your doggie be homeless. get your designer doghouse today! www.austinbarkitecture.com
That painful moment when the roof of your mouth gets stabbed by a Dorito.
thanks so much :)
Tuesday I attended the College of Lockpicking. Today I helped a friend who locked the keys in her car with my new skills.
heading to practice.
"Dude I wasn't that drunk." Dude, you stuck a battery up your butt and started shouting, "I'VE GOT THE POWA!"
RT : Great Place to Network, Great Music,Live Band, Models were Hot!!! Great Food. Well Organized
I was one of those ppl that made a comment about Amy & "the club". Sorry. I Hope we can still be twitter friends.
Reimold can't hit the ball any better. Those line drives will get through eventually, or over the fence.
I need my own fuckin car
I love that no matter how poorly I draw, you always get the scifi/fantasy reference
lol your welcome :)
MPR venturing into Bob Boilen territory here?
Reminder: meeting tomorrow, starting at 1pm.
Thomas Friedman: Average is officially over. Everyone needs an extra. Something to distinguish you and develop it, exploit it.
lets invite him hahahaha jk but we shall talk about this somewhere other than twitter lol
I didn't know you did?! You never told me till afrer<U+0001F612><U+0001F614>
Watching learning the "hazzards" of spelling :)
is your phone dead?
Forgot I switched accounts and tweeted you back from crazy ed ha
Thanks for the support in Kansas! Shine responsibly!
well start buying some. The next weeks driving is gonna be insane
Look smart. You have until tomorrow morning to tell us how/why you #votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart Tee-Shirt!
Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one!
An interesting fact from our friend<U+2019>s : Your eyes contribute towards 85% of your total knowledge.
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends. - Juvenal
hahahahahahhaa ;*** THATS WHY I LOVE YOU!!"
on my life!!! but i cant wait to see what they gonna do against San Antonio..thats gonna be GOOD!!
Get him phil
wow. I'm impressed that you continued to answer all the comments.
yeah, nice crane!
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world - Anne Frank
Daisuke looks sharp in latest rehab outing
Timing and scoring link on middle right side links to 'indycar.com/#' For a minute it linked to a Penske article.
get rid of your egg
turns on heater
ouch! poor puppy!
We have live music-punk, down and dirty boozey........... The night is young, come on down to sabbatic!
I could definitely eat Greek yogurt with honey for every meal.
Thanks so much :)
holy fuck I just died.
Headphones up and passing out in the car.
Looks like I might be going to see the #Avengers again on Friday, this time with !
I see, what do you do? The bf snores loud and he doesn't let me sleep.
It is in reading that you find yourself so deep into someone else's heart, soul, and thoughts, as if swapping lives with them! Amazing!
Ur very welcome!
As a Twitter neophyte any suggestions on how to engage with people with whom I share interests and how to have fewer pornbots follow me?
While this Renders, I shall Write.
Taxpayers Night will start in a few minutes watch live on
ED 209 threatening to kill you if you don't 2-for-1. Also, maybe a play on the Hostess gags from old school comics.
mega millions mega millions mega millions
Te amo Jenni!! Your songs have so much meaning to me!! You have helped me through some hard times! Love you momma!
PUT ME IN IRAQ I TAKE OVER SOON AS POSSIBLE... PUT ME IN AFRICA THE WORLD BECOMES AN DON-GEN IM IN THE UNTIED STATES IM AM THE HOLY WATER
Kudos to ; a burgeoning iconoclast breathing new life into old bones of several intriguing niches I adore...
: You just might... we all know how lucky you are! :)
will you please follow me I try so hard day to get notice by u and it would mean the world to me if you would follow me <3333
was amazing!!!! Much <3
Does Kyle Pratar also play basketball? Nevertheless, I still love my Cats.
iPhone on top dam every thang else
Hitachi Steak. Perfect. Thank you.
it's not a tail if it attaches in the front.
Nobody has it easy, everybody has their own problems. So before you start judging people, remember everybody is fighting their own war.
To be fair Wolfgang is doing a seriously badass job holding down bass duties. It's fun to watch him & Eddie play together
Free Delivery on our Thin or Stuffed Pizza.Also we Deliver ourFull Menu after 4pm-8:30pm
The sexy one-shoulder trend is great for warm weather.
My latest area of scholarly interest (ie, what I'm nerding out about): the Roman middle class/99%, normally left out of literary sources.
Introducing project #spotplusgo at the
My eyes are getting drowsy from the anti nausea drugs probably should sleep. Night lovelies!
Hell Yea nd then rub it in the ESPN nd MLB Toni8 shows face. Bitches it's playoff nd u talkin bout Red Sox collapse nd Tito.
Howdy, Wichita
Ebenezer Scrooge was clearly high/intoxicated/suffering from mercury-poisoning
U.S. DOE INFO! AWESOME! www.energy.gov
twitter feeds can populate google +, but dynamic of content (140 characters), not as conducive to populating with rich data
Done with tanning. Time to head to class.
Hey Phoenix, thnx for following
Best spelling of my name by a Starbucks barista: Rabera
Haha, I like books though, as long as they are 50 pages long and have lots of pictures (:
hearing a lot of good feedback about the Blogger Lounge at #sxswedu, stop by and give us a shout!
nah I have family over
Imagine Dragons is actually really good. Like I'm not even kidding, look them up. Now.
GOOD DAY TODAY how are your bieber fans today:D I Heart my always in my heart love love love......
I may have to start with smarmy and work my way up. Not flying out of ORD won't help though.
Waited for my sister to go to the store and as soon as she left smoked a personal bowl .. feel me #KEEPITLIT without her
We wish all you mothers a very happy Mother's Day!
: Mornin' sunshine! I'm glad you had Such a good time yesterday. It brings great joy to my heart!
#IWantToHave a friend that I can talk to everyday and hang out with 24/7
dear alarm crock, to make it simple, I hate you.
The sun bear has a long tongue. ehh
Clue # 2 beer lovers: Once you arrive, look for Laura at the bar! Stay tuned for where you'll be heading!
my friend bday's May 15th she would love if you and tweet her.
great to meet you both in person today. Would love to stay in touch re: archiving your map/geo work.
Thank You! I just need a new freezer or service company to show up Today! Wedding tomorrow!
speed and sunroof :)
Great! We'll be sure to check them out! :)
I had trouble signing out of the web version of Twitter last night.
Sometimes I wish I went to TCU so it would only take me 15 minutes to get back to college. Stupid 5 hour drive!
Beautiful autumn Seattle sunset now underway
If you asked me how I felt right now I honestly wouldn't be able to tell you.
your a Ameezzing ;)
Avatar at new Union South
cool ! What about analytics? Do you guys do demos? Thank you!!
Pure Tuesdays get some!!!
+Make sure you check out the official launch TDM Webacademy May 2011
see thank you
nah..i understand u a bitch when out cum 2 this, I'm cumin up quick like pornstars ejaculating
New Song Ft. Gorilla Zoe & Scottie Coming Soon!!!!
Presenting about cyber bullying today at MDC-North!
#ChicagoSoupCompany has released this week's newsletter - if your not on the distribution list send me a tweet and we can change that!
I've been lookin under rocks and breakin locks.. Just tryin to find ya.
such a good baseball game. go
what you doing sexy?
What is the matter with you that your not at Detroit Bar listening to #joanofarc right now?
doin to much
This is just one of those days where no one should be doing anything except watching sports.
Live karaoke right now at Rustys Old 50 on old world 3rd. + a beer n a shot for only 4 bucks!
Nothing ruins your Friday more than realizing it's only Wednesday
Just ordered 128 Beats Per Minute :) Excited to check it out!
When I am faced with a decision to do something or do nothing, I will always do something!
No lngr pushin 4 the bull...jus a life that's full:)
I be Hungary!
We are so excited to be attending the again this year! from tweeting live
Ribs at Outback and 3 books from Barnes & Noble... my parents love me today...
My new restaurant, #Pandera, will feed customers an endless stream of sandwiches they are likely to enjoy based on their initial preferences
Your life sucks? Make sure you make a Facebook status about it so the world knows.
yeaa I got it thanks again(:
I don't recognize you - I've changed a lot.
Yes, it will be available as an OnDemand on Monday. All TypeCast webinars convert to OnDemand a few days later.
Aww thank you! I love to do it. So rewarding to help peeps who need it!
Tell me about it... Its not the guy i was on oovoo w/ tho...
I'm bout to make a new twitter.
Finally got my lp in the mail from today! Gotta say, worth the wait & on gold vinyl no less! Good job dudes!!
that's what oi
yeah! Of course!
Sugar plum palmyras for 120 at Cartier. :) missed the Santa photos this year.
Well, you're famous... Self love, brotha!! "RT : I wanna fuck somebody famous:)"
How many followers do you have?
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTc
LSU's safety Clayborn, got a 4/100 on the NFL strategy test. He won't be going pro in something other than sports.
Boston to offer smartphone train tickets
AHAHAHAH yeah ok. You wish..
damn right!! Been our most consistent and best pitcher so far
marc anthony is really not an attractive man
If u don't feel jay Z is one of the best to ever do it I highly suggest u listen to more hip hop or rap ! Personal opinion
but like I said to my AE work is very limited, should I make it seem like thats all ive done? feels like lying
no i do not =[ I have some stuff, but i work at a recording studio! haha www.gcraudio.com check it out let me know what you think
trade him to Seattle for Figgins.
Re-enacting the Nirvana 'Nevermind' cover would have only been slightly awkward. And a chance for redemption, at that. This one, though...
Is it 5 yet...is it 5 yet..is it 5 yet?
<U+201C>: Ash's primary Pok<U+00E9>mon was originally Clefairy, not Pikachu.<U+201D> I cant even imagine that!
after a long hard day at school, that's what I'm talking abouut (:
Another day of setup in Hawaii for the #ALAconf and starting to see attendees + exhibitors arrive. Welcome!
RT : Anyone following updates on VC funding of education should use #eduvc so that we can keep track of each other.
its just one of those days
RT "social tv is growing faster than twitter and facebook" - Our on stage now discussing the feedback loop of
Fair enough RT : Mormons, I don't hate u 4 your beliefs. Believe what u want. I hate u bc your faces interrupt my shows on Hulu
dying over here already and it's only 7. Gonna be a long night. Just hope we win to make it all worth it!
I always get so much more done on the weekend. usually what would normally take at least 4 days!
#FF a few excellent #cycling people:
2morrow u bring 1dollar 2 school and u can where any cartoon character shirt I'm dressing up spongebob shirt and spongebod hat and glasses
that was a negative comments towards u in any way not sure if it seemed that way
You're lucky to have flex time! Sounds like a good balance. Have a great weekend!
I got my phone back girrlll(:
Brandon Marshall traded to Chicago for two third rounders via
Really cool to hear design critique of maps- ex. removing layers of data as you zoom out & emphasizing the info you want to display on map
...for the show n he said yeah n I said n thanks for nye it was so funn he said ya we had fun too!!!! =D
You ask too many freaking questions.
We're no good anymore.
Slow Jams by twista never gets old
My neighbors are happy with our 5:30 am rabbit hunt! Bray!
Yahoo! CEO who falsified resume' will still walk away with millions. It's not easy being greedy -- I mean, green!
1st Lady Michelle Obama welcomes kids to the White House today for "Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day"
You OK?
Senior yearbook party = binge eating. Two plates don't care, right ???
Please follow us and retweet us. 13 college women walking to end breast cancer!
Welcome to our new followers! Thanks, , , , , , ,
Victor: Best advice on publishing - nobody knows anything.
There are a number of boutiques which offer vintage clothes at a great price
O yea.. & for all u #Bulls haters, What the fuck is up? Lol <=TECHNO=>
Can't wait to have a baby! He's going to be a professional NBA player just like his daddy D. Wade lol
THAT woman, talking about JFK, is making me ill. Buy some class, lady!!
love this photo! Makes me excited for summer!
So sleepy... Spread across his bed no room for him!!!!! Sorry :-)
If you cool we cool, you love - we love you more, you cry - we hold you, you F**K wit us your finished.
Ah so angry. I will now complain and have no one care what i say.
go back on skype. i can talk now
is anyone really surprised that Jones & Snyder are the 2 owners who messed up that big w/ spending?
i almost retweeted with an I'm gonna do some muting for a little bit.
iam good same stuff doing the makeup thing working alot same old same old what about you?
Just went to coney island and to the beach
don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE :) and you friends would love you, if you tag them and they win...
Just saw it..call in a few
BOOM BABY! DANK MONDAY IS HERE TO SERVE UP SOME KICKIN SUBS TO ALL OF YOU AWESOME STUDENTS OUT THERE. 50% OFF.
FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN TODAY
#FF to my other lovely #JoelLander ! She's great! ;)
however, if I had to spoon with one guy, it'd probably be
People will copy you, steal from you, and attempt to hurt you. In the end, they will always FAIL. God doesn't like ugly."
Life is a highway!
Our greatest fear should not be failure, but succeeding at things that don't matter.
Tickets and hotel finally booked...Vegas here I come!
AFJROTC news - Jay Silver Eagles & Clark Silver Valor are national champs in their divisions! Brandeis Lady Broncos are natn champ runnerup!
Happy Easter Weekend #RVA!
When you take a break from the mind chatter, suddenly the world filled up with the richness of song. Sonia Choquette
Go Briana!!!! Tell the truth! So glad u didn't inherit your mom's cray cray.
Give Marty an #oscar for that reaction
omg i think i just queso'd myself
Congrats on largest audience ever. intro. What % of audience knew?
Im gonna be up all night
haha no its cos they film their show there and I think they live there!
Sunday, January 22 @ 2:00 PM @ #Museum: How We Survived book signing. Book gives 1st person accounts of kids surviving the
I think I'm going to decide wether a person is guilty or not base on their hairdo.
joke and jokes
#BACHATA on DECK!
saw the #Lookup tag. Feel free to include us in your posts and we'll RT. #Support #photography. :) Best!
I'm telling the Djm 800 you've been having a threesome with a 57 & an Efx 500
Jesus was willing to get his hands dirty to serve others. Pursue serving others, as you were called to do!
dayana is fierce
At the vuu graduation i swear i've only seen like 5 white people lol
how is viet food? whats a good place in DC
GM fam + friends. I wish you all nothing but happiness & love have a gud 1
How was everyones new year?!
Let me be your angel ... let me be the one for you ... let me be the one you believe in ... :) Eu te amo, Miguel! xo
Wish you were all going to be in the City since you're all so fun to watch! I would not fit in w the Persian Version in G.N. lol
Thanks for the heads up! Can't wait to give another listen to one of my "highlights of the year".
We Not In Church, Harvey HURRY Dat Sh*t Up
Thx for the interesting follow mention. RT
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
thank you for tweeting her! Finally she can stop complaining that you don't tweet her!! :)
ORCID data will be released under CC0 lic so no restrict on what can be done with data, includ comm. use. Privacy implications.
.000351% of Americans have given 96% of the money spent from Super PACs according to U.S. PIRG.
Because of my ass of a brother...I can't do my history project...damn...I'm screwed.
How will I break the ice?
Couldn't make it to the press screening for 's Cowboys and Aliens, so I'm taking my mother-in-law this morning.
She works hard for the money
No its cuz they knew Lebron was gonno brick his in the 4th quarter
Not sure if there's been one holiday in the 2011 season till now that I haven't been hungover for.
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm. - Publilius Syrus
I hate when other people than my mom tell me what to o
Either way, wish me luck. After all, it is my neighborhood.
awesome yoga workshop huh? See you thursday my friend
Sigh. Wish you were here...
Reminder, GEAR Con meeting 7pm tonight at Kennedy School (in the restaurant).
it's weird, because it's a website for escorts that says "no escorts!"
good thing we only made drunch reservations for 5
Just saw this. Good find! I'm intrigued by these kind of discussions.
I think I want to start doing competitive shooting
Thanks for the support! See you Saturday!
because the singer is talented. none of this mediocre crap that's out there.
RT : Today is the day we show the world how big hearted our community is by giving to the diligent nonprofits of central...
taking polls on the under/over of punctuality
it's may...one of the busiest times in pitching...
I'm from Pluto and I always represent.
those sound delicious, is it coconut milk (like ice cream) or like a mounds bar?
didnt count. he only ran to first base.....
of course. haha. we always try. how are you? -zach.
my house is so hot, it's gross.
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Well, you're right, I've just been really disappointed with coffee in SF, ecexpt Sightglass
agh the visual! Gauge out my eyes! <U+201C>: Homeland Security ... Thank you Janet "Nipples" Napolitano...a woman of vision!<U+201D>
That is another thing that I like about working from home. I save money while making money
Yeah he also walked in during the middle of my presentation. Who does he think he is?!
I have 5 teams left in the
I'm still looking for suggestions of where I should do a few events for my book next fall---any other suggestions out there.
boo! Sorry we couldn't be of more help! #drops!!
#hth2012 Alford: lots of interesting entity reconciliation on problems with historical persons
Too late. Don't forget your Pepcid. love, Mom.
Is it just me...or does it seem like quite a few "Pageant Moms" and Directors have weird, psycho eyes?
Pictures from The Oscar's?
I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me & who truly loves me.
look whose talking. LMFAOLMFAOLMFAO
are you going to need #excedrin tomorrow or what?
!!! LOOK facebook.com/pages/Bring-Au<U+2026>
Marco Torres, "I realized my colleagues were not the people at my school." True true when those people don't share your ideas.
A3. Trust is a reciprocal event and emotion.
THE BIRTHDAY MASSACRE theatrical poster is finished! It is a beautifully frighting piece of art. ... but you can't see it yet.
Photoshoots are fun and all but modeling is awkward as fuck. Come to yield bar tonight to watch my goofy as walk down the runway!
Beer brewing talk way over my comprehension
I bet you don't even strip tease either
Duets Kisses!
it's probably a good thing they didn't qualify so that nit as many people see them
Wassup twitter! Mention me some love!
Trying Five Guys for the first. Yolo
Impressive lineup, Bob. Thanks for the follow
Is Caleb Hanie playing...Or is that his baby sister suited up? Save us John Madden!
Any acts wanna set up a show in NY, were setting something up in talks for June. DM us!
Took your webnar thru ALC. Thanks. Still struggling but...
I'm sure that's right! I was just kidding around.
Getting the full Allegiant Air experience?
someone msg me
Getting off here because I'm getting pissed. aslkfjsa;ldkf
Tired and hungry boo
What kind of a Big East final is Cincinnati v. Louisville?
Thank you thank you! RT :
Janice play too much yo lol
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
What is better than Living Your Dreams? My Wife Michelle is doing just that, no not being my Wife LOL but doing the business that she lov
I've been #TeamSingle for to long, im just waiting for someone to offer me tht long term contract.
Just because I love you.
But you always win.....yourself.
I just joined a community on named ADULTTALK
Lets get it Magic
lmao I wish
hahaha definitely NOT something you wanna put on your face...
I did that today for like 30 seconds until I realized my error. Ugh.
I'm seriously so fed up with LA drivers.. Be as conceited as you want in your daily life but don't take it to the road.. Calm the F* down!
Really interesting about Rabbi Alvin Kass. Thanks for tweeting.
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein.
Good Morning Tweets!
Remember all the gloating from the great weather they had in the east? This is payback :) Heehee.
Finally understand why Roger Goodell hates James Harrison. James was never drafted, so he never got to chest bump the commish on draft day.
The Avengers was fantastic. Robert Downey Jr is such a babe.
Works done time for a midnight snack, a little twitter and bed
I don't know anything unless Twitter tells me. They never miss the big stuff.
Thank you!... Happy Easter to you too! :D
i love you so much austin <33 follow me back please =D
On set having an amazing breakfast burrito :)
ahh you're seeing him!
No! Maurice Sendak died!?
im I'm east lib at my cuzzin house
SHOCKING seeing Tiger miss all these approach shots... How about Phil 9 shots better than TW today? 3 yrs ago inconceivable
Next season on glee: Texting and Driving kills.
Beforethecitadel Designs Go check out Justin's design page. If you dig the art hit him up and get something from him. Cheap prices!
Ijs....what good tonight where err bodi at
Headquartered in Albuquerque, NM, #Linton&Associates serves > 160 employer groups & over 700 individual clients. Put us to work for you!
Bush, Palin, Cain, Perry! Intelligence obviously not a requirement for the
We would love to! Happy Tuesday!
At work...I didn't get much slee last night. I think I might have insomia.
I sometimes wish there was an synopsis feed because dang do I have a hard time keeping up with all his tweets in my timeline.
mT : "There is no perfect candidate." - #PalinonTODAY.... she should know lolololololol
The Born This Way ball needs to get its ass here a little faster.
Scone + cookie = scookie new & delicious only at simply sweet shoppe try one today!
Will you have green chile bagels and green chile cream cheese? That would be incredible
And the same to you Sacha.
We can be body to body!!
Happy hump day!
haha that's good!
the end of the semester at least means that faculty are too burned out and buried to cause IT any headaches!
it took about 4months and i feel better than i have ever felt. #mpnation and #shredmatrix & #assault are Tha Truth
Odysseus is lawful neutral? For serious? Dude is like the O.G. Trickster.
hope you feeling better<U+2614>
im stuck babysitten
I'm guessing things are gonna start changing...since Austin forgetting about his NSD, not uploading vids err'week & Alex getting a gf! /:
Yeah, this may damage viewership. No one's going to watch all 3 hours and half the time will be spent recapping.
Why? is taking me to Texas Roadhouse tonight. I've been looking forward to it all day!
Rounding the final turn on this ESPN book...what did you all think?
I know all I wanted was a terminal session and I almost never found terminal.
Leaving school early today.
glitch fixed! shop away www.remnantuganda.com :)
Contratulations Dana--We'll be there Sunday
UCLA football sucks...even coach P could not revive this sorry program
Hey, I have my acceptance speech ready to go! RT : I can't wait to accept my award for NFL Owner of the Year
My friend Rose told me on fb thats the easiest math ever. I told her "I doubt it"
stupid white people food
Shame on you! Parents were much older than me! Much much older!
Sigh. Thanks for the info.
You got a friend in me.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MOONSHINE" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
hahaha. What happened after i left?? why PEAB?
at the bottom of a mason jar on Thursday.
It's beginning to look a lot like
R there a lot of injuries in those races?...seems like a lot of slip-n-slides--nature's style
It's snowing!! And really, really cold.
Operator: <U+201C>911 please hold.<U+201D> Me: <U+201C>Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.<U+201D> Murderer: <U+201C>K.<U+201D>
So good to FINALLY meet you! Fun day, wasn't it?
I wanna get drunk ...right now
Proud of the guys who did work this week. in the and in the
text me??
Well it's new comic day, so I'm good lol. How are you?
man your on a roll tonight ~^^
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. <U+201D>
lololol ashleigh wants all of one direction I just want two of them lololol
Okie dokie folks, grand slam for the Red Sox in the 5th. No outs. Tied ball game.
I don't think I've ever found Jeepers Creepers a scary movie.
Performing at 7:30 tonight at the Arts Mill in Grafton
If I tell you your ex is dating someone better looking, #JustGetOverIt, and get your ass to the gym. I'm trying to help you
Yes. I plan to get weird.
do u know anywhere that will be showing Man Utd/ Liverpool game this weekend?
killing with the avi
<U+201C>: plz let us have a new divas champ kelly time is up<U+201D>your right about that.
I hate getting alot of homework in one day:~(
k you know the drill :P
SO FUNNY! RT I was the first woman to burn my bra, it took the fire department four days to put it out.
#microstories My daughter is so beautiful. If only I weren't blind.
Microsoft Academic Search has had RSS "subscribe" functionality for ~2 years!
bummer! we'll record and post to vimeo though
WHAT?!! oh dear. It really helps for mild injuries.
I just finished a 3.31 km run with a time of 20:22 with Nike+ GPS.
Let me know if want your bodymedia fit waterproofed for FREE. We need testers
Followed Payton around in jayc with Bailey like a stalker.
Winning. In my sleep
OH bc of the doctor! oh yeah, I'm good! <3
Study: Women of color least likely to have mentor who is white and at sr level; mommy wall affects them more than men
I HADDA BE FULLA DEM BARS, I DONT EAT NOTHING BUT RED GIRLS, WITH BALD VA"J"JS
great show!
let me know how it is as a press
RIP Pro Bowl.
omg Elle just stopped nursing a few weeks ago Smh. And she 11 months lol.
How have you been? I haven't seen you on Twitter as much as before.
I think I like The Pains of Being Pure At Heart. Shit.
"I love you my Pisces wifey !."
LMFAO I AGREE THOUGH I HOPE WHEN ITS MY TURN MY FAM BABY SITS THATS THE KEY LOL
lol I don't know what girls you be talking to lol
I love you more!
Help save the Mountain gorilla's of the Congo. SIgn petition site
hahaha i'm so excited for it! hope this intermission goes quick!
Yes! I hope you can make it! It's been way too long since I've seen you!!!
Who's up for winning a free lg pizza today? Just RT this & tell us something u wanna do this fall. Winner randomly picked at 5.
NaLee2010.com check it out if you like fantasy books!!! Mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood..
wood in the garage and that took 10 minuts it was HOT
What about an iTunes app for the Zune? Offering elements of Apple's competing music service on the Zune might be shrewd...
i would go & mention it to her an have a good time an leave
Completed mom duty as a volunteer at Field Day. Taking 's BLACK HEART and snacks and retreating upstairs to read.
future site of a #bcft?
I didn't know that Tracy Jordan hosted Scare Tactics.
My fuse is going to be so short tomorrow. Say something stupid, and I'll blow.
Clarification. mentioned in my blog on political rancor was ALWAYS polite. When I spoke of name-callers, it was NOT her!
Someone asked me "Do you take the link card?" & I kindly said no-HOWEVER I felt like saying "Yeah, if all you wanna buy is an apple"
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, happens to also be mine!
good to see you getting some time for yourself this morning! See you later this afternoon!
Mar 29, 1932: The Daily Mail published Churchill's "Plain Words on the Irish Treaty."
I'm not surprised you improved digital revenue 224%. Proud of you rockin' it in Estes! Call when you get moment to catch up.
the new website looks so snazzy!!! Very accessible! I like the collection highlights, great info and picture quality!
12-hour day+ sick + 1 class tomorrow= Mad Men and sweatpants.
u sent it to ?
yes! my first initial and last name were taken. didnt want any numbers. so just figured I would use my profession.
Teresa is dumb & like talking to a wall. She twists everything & tries to make herself look good but actually is delusional.
Is there a better place to be than on a rooftop in Brooklyn? I think not.
In case you missed it, we picked the winner of our recent Twitter giveaway - ! Watch for our next contest!
I've really enjoyed having it - if that helps
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell & that its your birthday & get no reply (-____-)-___-)__-)
I work at the ABC station in Minneapolis. Love to have u on our afternoon show if u r ever in town!
How on earth did that come up in your conversation? He does kind of sound like Elvis when he talks.
the ladies loved it
Be lean, think small and be quick.
Opening some wine
Being a honey badger... not a good day for two practicals
Thank you so much Melissa, its appreciated. My daughter is a blessing and treasure.
On the tip on the way to workk
Thanks so much!
Just got to work.
real good things are going well with everything I have to try and make it out one tuesday !
ITCHY FEET!Can't wait for 2011 so I can grab my backpack,salsa tunes,scripts,travel crew&go once/twice around the world again!BRING IT ON!X
Dont be scared, its only love were falling in.
showed me some sick pictures, including a portrait of david beckham
i just realized i never replied. i've been up to being busy! working on the morning show now, too!
+1 RT : I'm starting to love the idea of Baltimore's innovative persona: Instead of "Get In on It", it should be CREATE BaltiMORE
who fuckin cares, really
Watching on Tough new street track. Big crowd.
Wow, must have missed that and what prompted it RT : Last week, I believe.
YES PLEASE!!!!! <3 and i dont have my phone but il tex u off of jakess phone! ily!
I work with a ex bank robber .. Dude is the nicest guy you'll ever meet . Never would have thought lmao
It's #yoga and a healthy breakfast for me this morning! How are you getting energized for the new week?
Lol some of you are so funny. #thankyou :')
Frank Jr jr , leslie , and Chandler
are you kidding? D: ....you just ruined taco bell for me
red or white?
<U+201C>: needs to come to Miami #EastCoastsFinest ;D<U+201D> no.
Texas Holdem Tonight- Come on down and play with us. JC
wow... No bball on thanksgiving!
nu uh :3 but you are
I hate crying. I always feel like I gotta be strong and hold my emotions in.
thanks for your fantastic interview with my welsh-mate !
we're making a flag and laying plans to succeed
As a Riverlake resident, you will receive all of the amenities of this mature, quiet lakeside community, including lake & clubhouse access.
Just got this text from my brother who is getting married in August:
will be there tomorrow to check it out. Look forward to meeting
Lol now get your butt back to the "A" and start your career.
Monday's are the worse. At least schools almost over. :/
YES!!!! You don't like it too? THAT IS Such GOOD news! Because you would have had a LOT of explaining to do. :o)
happy moms day to super mom!!!!
what Dose rt mean
THANK U
Can you provide an email address for me. Ive tried contacting one of your writers about out dishcrawl event. Email was inactive.
lol. just saw a little kid palying wit a gameboy advance !
Bargain Hunters Take Note: Insider Cluster-Buying At MXWL
I'll be in Rome and Milan for the White Milano Fashion Trade Show, do you work with anyone in Milan?
Yeah. Anyway how are ya? It's Jenny btw XD
Thanks to DDB, Page TVI and Sasquanaut for another great show at Wong's, back to the studio we go!
Me too. And Saturday as well haha.
My tape has sent. It's the first one I ever made. Hope you enjoy. Thanks:)
Saw it. So awesome. RT : Totally RT : I am consumed by need to see Philip Seymour Hoffman in "Death of a Salesman."
bandaids when stitches are needed
the group can make a collective decision to elevate an individual to leadership. Thus leaders lead. This is called democracy.
...I feel like everyone I follow from p-town...had a shitty night last night.
No worries!
the countdown is on for 1/2way to st pats day bash we have a u2 tribute band booked!!!
I feel like one of the Billy Joe's should be playing QB in this game. (Tolliver, Hobert) Cade McNown is playing for KC today
Who's up for #1k1hr in 30 minutes?
RT : NEW SUMMER SINGLE!!! (*Roll Call*) - Ft. & #TheMovement by:Zig Zag via
Bible study was off the chain. If u need the notes, let me know :)
Stressful day but my grandson did awesome @ TBall. I'm so proud of him.
I've never met one who's topped 4 years at one place, and most in the 1-3 year range. Best way to get a solid raise :)
Countdown until showtime! We're excited to see so many people planning to come out! THANK YOU!!
Got my license on my first try !
yung boy... I BEEN A MAN!!! sold drugs TEN A GRAM.. SPICE EM UP... CINNAGRAMS.... Den take a pic!! INSTAGRAM!!! Lmaooo
Probably gonna need a boat...
I already get them... so we're good.
Looking to increase productivity? Log out of the twitter.
Edward Lewis just said "face book is dying in my opinion" in a room full of social media professionals
it's inhumane...you'd have to be a pretty big jerk to steal someone's hashbrowns
In Long Beach without my mother knowing :D
I did... u just gotta be patient... :)
Wouldn't have mattered for us..Flyers best us 5-1 in reg season...Wait!!...We beat them in Game 82!!...Series is 3-3!!
#RT if you are a single father and take care of your kid the best u can
Hey the sun is out in Cleveland! Please stay for awhile.
Hi how have you been?
- Wedding fun! TY for the post doll, thanks to my faves at STT! Xox
dream chasers
Thank U!!
happy birthday, Alice Paul, one of the great heroes of
ah... no wonder I keep getting all those sheep and goat ads. cc/
#vsa2011 ha! Who's afraid of the word remedial? What does it bring to mind for non-evaluators? Are there other terms you use?
You don<U+2019>t get wiser when you get older. You just get older. You have to practice to get wiser. ~ James Altucher
What game is that?
Shooting a video for today..this should be fun..kids and structure..let's see
I'm sorry I can't be perfect, Sean :(
I didn't answer the first text. Don't keep asking me the same question.
obviously time to clean up my follow list.
don't forget what I said about them Pacers last night
It was bittersweet. Great to be there, bummer we're not moving on.
via reports that there are now more online searches for Occupy Wall Street than for Speaker John Boehner
ew no pervert. We're not gonna sleep!
Workouts this year should be fun will you be there?
Weil on barriers states face in #ACA implementation: fiscal capacity, personnel/expertise limits, medicaid through 2013 & more
oh my god. i love those in so many ways!
Your good intentions slowly turn to bitterness, reoccurring episodes with each and every kiss
you'll be great :) oh how I miss history.
right??! I should have, but was too embarrassed. Dang, major missed opportunity.
One Day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you... Right next to you.
$2 tall boys of Shlitz EVERY day ALL day.
My Grandma Talks To Ketchup Bottles.
After games all I wanna do is sleep
First Tuesday of every month, the next one is February 7th, 6pm-7:30pm
Tim Tebow PLEASE PICK JETS, REPRESENT NEW YORK!
your shows are the best when you commentate! Speak to us you funny motherfucker!!!!!
Did just wish happy birthday by telling Mark his first live shot was at the parting of the the Red Sea? Bahaha.
Still catching up with my movie watching after being out of the country in early January. Just saw the Wrestler - another fine effort !
smores love these sweet little things :)
Do you have any questions regarding Bankruptcy, Probate, Credit Repair, Estate Planning? I am here at your service!
First I heard of this other baseball player with my name & position was on sportscenter. He hit a walk off and I had gone 0-4 night before
gotta love her<3
I hate that freaking dog! Ate me brand new eos Chapstick
lol I stay laced... Lookin like a Christmas tree lol
ANY BODY EVER EAT FRY COME?
Family is belonging to and believing in each other.
Don't miss Director Fred Sayeg "The Encore of Tony Duran" #indiefilm Friday 11/18/11 - 6-7pm "On the Set With Jasper Cole"
Sidebar---great shot Kevin Love!
Is the best friend EVER!!!! :)) She literally sat for 10 mins & recorded #First10Mins of for me
is eating fish fry
Gauguin was a "Sunday painter" until age forty. I love that term "Sunday painter"...
Partnering with a web design company in Cambodia for this next project. Really enjoying meeting new people all over the world!
I was just about to mention that dome of Pepsi cups filling the air at Lollapalooza 94. One of my favorite concerts ever.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values. Rand, Ayn
this is Shelley Adler at Associated Press-can we get Greg Williams audio. e mail me at . thanks
I am indeed. It'll be my fourth year here.
Liquor > wine > beer >
9. You're sitting at a stop sign and he comes driving down a cross street that doesn't have a stop sign. Yet he stops and waves you through.
#BabyBashBling welcomes as Swag Bag Contributor AND products to models for "Bump the Runway"
that's what I'm saying..I miss you!
One direction is coming to the Woodlands. Better believe I'm going.
Right now I am reading Mindwalks by Mary H. Frakes which is a book on walking meditation.
he had two sessions this evening... apparently tonight he's decided to be a kitten again
No kiddin! RT : I love you, but did you really have to put the Skins game on Thanksgiving????
laughed and laughed. loved when you shared this has never happened. we luv ya buddy....
good man I'm good thank the Lord
My girls are rad. As one of them, you're always welcome!
Dear sleep, i know we have problems when i was young but now i love you!
like really lol
Spring break= brunch and bloodies everyday.
So did T.Green play some of my stuff 4 u
i miss you too hun !! RT : I miss
I wonder what she's doing right now
<U+201C>: lady what's Good?<U+201D> hey guy! I'm good, can't complain
Thanks for still caring.
big huge congratulations on the gig!!! cheers :-) [oops, I misspelled your twitter handle earlier, so trying this again]
Just did week 6, day 1 of #c25k with !
if your name begins with abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxzy go follow she's a really big
Our #1 bestseller Psychic Intelligence will launch in China in 2013! Hope you like it! xx
They actually have a see-through projection screen in front of them. Weirdest stage set ever.
I just set the DVR for #RichardHammond's Crash Course on
Good morning ^_^
What's up your butt...?
The excitement and anticipation begins ! So many tricks up my sleeves HA :-)
Now a resident of Gilbert, AZ. And an intermediate truck driver.
...from evening until the next morning.
One of the funniest lectures I have ever attended!
I know you were cuz you wanna cuddle with me dontcha hahah:) and we should hangout sometime. And tell roro I said hey
Yeah you're right - I really have no room to complain. I wonder what the windchill is for riding when it's 45 out?
Aw, man! Everybody had cake but me. Pouting now! ;)
I think a blog post is an order after seeing the #HungerGames movie.
When the hands get hold of a flying bird, it walks the ground! The flight days of Osama is over! Good riddance!
thank you..:)
#jobsong Fridays! Tell us about your #job and/or #company & we'll tweet a song that best matches!
See! This is part of the test, isn't it? Like I know smart phones from dumb phones.
OK Fugazi archive presentation is memorable already.
seems like there always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you
ok my Asian friends any bars and dives I can play my music in, there in the Beautiful East?? :-)
funny, I didn't even know you and knew each other. Thanks to both of you for your help! :)
Haha! I love you so much for that.
Maddie shout out to damnn she's hot and follows back but fair warning stay on her good side she speaks her mind i love that
it is said that 80% of all performance problems that exists in organizations can be attributed to lack of expectations, standards & feedback
People blink when they're nervous
Law & Order SVU
So far nearly 620,000 visited "McQueen Exhibition" at the Met. Last time the Met had such lines was 1963 when it displayed the "Mona Lisa".
PA too. Is there?
Ali's now tweeting for #AchordialBrio! ...let's see what her first tweet will be about!
A week without bud=a week without a full nights sleep. I think I have a medical condition.
not that I've read it, but it sounds intriguing and we still have similar taste in books :)
Sorry I don't tweet !! The thing is I'm busy so I cant tweet !!! :/
Don't live in your inbox. The world can wait an hour or two for your replies.
where is that on the near Clemons center parkway
COM Theory and Visual COM. Two very content heavy classes
Just one more reason why Mondays suck. Even the coffee doesn't want to go to work.
i've literally been on the phone with AT&T for 3 hours today and they finally figured out what was wrong with my internet. So frustrating!!
I've been thinking along similar lines, but suspect my colleagues would react similarly. Good on you for fighting the good fight.
Remember when Ari had 400k followers and we tried trending Ariana500k? Yeahh now look at how many she has now.
Game time #Buffaloes! Keep the stampede going. #Shouldertoshoulder!
<U+201C><U+2026>the highest social development of mankind is not possible.<U+201D> <U+2018>Abdu'l-Bah<U+00E1> [2/2]
Temperature dropped drastically, only in
Confirmed: was at the 2short and 2pac concert in Stockton, Cali. Legit! 1996. I'm old school!
You know what the Mormans say: "the more the marrier."
Thanks to and for coming out tonight and seeing my Stand Up at Carolines! Blessings!
@ LA Fitness <U+0001F4AA>
what moisturizer do you use for your face? Coconut oil?
I love Kyrie Irving. Is that gay?
i get home, eat, go on tumblr, eat, tumblr, eat, tumblr, sleep. i have an exciting life
it was one of those runs, that I rarely have, where I feel strong and really happy the whole time... Yay me! <U+0001F601>
My body is too tired! Not in the mood to go out
Thanks for being my 450th follower! :)
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT! Shows @ midnight & 2am!! Also, $5 Entry for Locals per Thursday Night Locals Night!
think you should follow me..:) #Please!
I bet so!! I would love to have that chance!
If we encounter a man of great intellect, we should ask him what books he reads. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
your welcome<U+0001F60A>. Next time you plan to stop by tweet us for our followers discount.
Michael J Fox is SOLD OUT!
Your the MAN for ME?
and this is why I don't like going to practice.. #fuckyou <U+0001F612>
it kind of looks like those horses are coming up out of a parking garage
You're welcome!
y'all Love me
Last assembly ever
I am sitting in a social enterprise alliance board meeting you should check us out (working on web presence now)
Trying to get someone actually to read your post; mostly people just talk at one another
My teacher just left in an ambulance...
I love Judge Judy, she's such a bitch
When you buy a Prius do you sign something saying you'll slap an Obama sticker on it and drive 10 under the speed limit in the fast lane?
why do you say that?
Hemp was once considered legal tender in the U.S
just sad that man u was beaten.
sounds like you got #whitegirl problems
Professor just dropped off a chapter he thought I might find interesting. Feminist & class analysis of the Fil Am experience?
Why do I have the feeling this evening will not result in Dempster finally breaking through in the meaningless pitcher win column?
awww so true
Looking forward to a great day
walk up in the mal had to cop em al she asked me why I stunt so hard I said b*tch because I ball truuuuuuu
Not at all! I'm really up here reading books and shit! But I might suck it up and get me a sugar daddy lol
Hate to say it, but I told you all Mike D's offense wasent going to work in the east
thank you for being my buddah
only 2 of 12 showed up, so it was basically a personal training session. :)
<U+201C>: My 24, bday today ;) thanks u guys for all the great wishes n bday tweets<U+201D> happy birthday!! <U+0001F609>
so great to see you for 5 seconds today at -- next time lunch or dinner!??!
What's up??
oh yeah ;) I know that look. Someone told me I had tired eyes last night.
Good to have you back on twitter! Is your brother your twin? You two look so much alike.
Faye Wattleton One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
bummer :( I voted for you!
I need more followers
Man that is awesome! RT : You guys better not steal my fantasy football team name either!
Good job ! Now bring the title home tomorrow!
<U+00AB> Why would Brandy text me back a whole 7 hours later lol<U+00BB>- Haha trick!! I forgot to hit send...lmao!
no prob. I have this wild theory about something, but I didn't want to share unless you'd gotten to a certain point.
My whole being is secure, O God. My whole being is secure - Psalm 57:7
watching your show Missing.
This is what happens when bad meets evil
My homemade audition studio(s) are quite humorous on how I rig up lighting & the frame of the shot f/ my Mac. The things actors do. <U+0001F601>
you wrong pickle...
I can not believe it's April already. End of the first quarter, but not to late to fulfill all those New Year resolutions.
Gym, lunch with my family at Scottsdale Quarter, and some pool time. Made the most of a day off.
Mad shout out to because those last words were very true
too early to decide, that's up to prosecutors.
3 words about your avi: oh hell yeah!
tired fuck._. goodnight twitter:D
just watched a slightly sketchy envelope handover at the bar.
hahah there ya go
Funny how things have changed so much in one year.
...the worst part is that the ones who shouldn't wear them do anyway...
I don't even remember
Needs someone to hangout with..
Your icon *__*
<U+201C>: Drinking wine at the #SanAntonioWinery in downtown Los Angeles.. Getting my wine drinking on... =)<U+201D> Ah, that sounds great!
to be honest I almost want to throw up. I cannot imagine the horrors we suffered under the whip.
& i started asking people to smack my butt, & feel it to see if it felt & looked real haha.
Go Patriots! BJGE
If the good Lord should let me get back on my feet. Comcast will be the last cable company I'd use! "N" nothing "B" but "C" crap!
30+ people have now signed up to attend my workshop tomorrow on free online tools to enhance student collaboration. Me, tonight: ack!!
HE KNOWS
#bearcats looking good! Finish strong!
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.~Dr.Seuss
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 30
Hey I high five over Tofu all the time. You fail.
Michael Douglas movies rule. He is always wearing a business suit and trying to kill his wife. And he always has a mental break down.
It's a wrap! #Beachbody's/#TeamBeachbody first photo session in the studio!
Hmm, able to log in to our server box. Completely forgot we had 2 drives in this machine. Full recovery looking more hopeful.
Love TGI Fridays. Im going to get me some Chicken Alfredo today again.. Love it baby!!!!!
Raise the jolly roger
Anyone who has ever parented a child knows it is "work." Amusing that others who have said same thing are now outraged by Rosen's comment.
Follow she's my best friend !
This nigga is not funny and This girl got a smart ass mouth
Concerned parents can expose bad teachers and administrators.
Working on presentation for the conference this week. It is always strange to go back & read your work
I'm sure. If it makes money, it'll be for sale. <U+00B0>o<U+00B0>
- looking forward to ur talk. And yep, is sold out...we can't wait for 3/15!
Be on the look out for #SkateBoardFresh on full rotation at the shop.
Laura will be in town, but I'm headed out on vacation. Need some food/activity recommendations for Downtown Cabo San Lucas area?????
iPad leaps ahead of iPhone browser usage, Opera Mini collapses
hey hey!
#LMSunSIG analytics wentworth trying to map degree of satisfaction to degree of training of faculty. Are all separate systems
Thanks. I decided to play it safe and wear my Marine Corps Dress Blues.Pics forthcoming.
episode of abdc is about to be hype!!
Go to sleep! :)
praying for yall :) love you both!
Started writing an email about brunch places to go with my fellow graduates but realized there's only two more opportunities to go...
I was definitely not an annoying little douchebag in middle school. I hate everyone on this monorail
#SQUAD we all headed back to ATL
Right there with ya.
Lauryn Hill goes hard since the 90s
Ladies' night is upon us! Drop into Beckett<U+2019>s and inquire about getting 20% off select items!
is within.
One Direction one SNL come on new Yorker !!!!
I fucking low key wished u would wish us good luck!!
Against my gastric doctors orders and throwing caution to the wind, I just enjoyed my first Doritos Locos Taco from Taco Bell . . .Oh My
I stopped caring long ago about who the mother is on How I Met Your Mother.
u so crazy...my phone didn't ring
Focus on #autism symposium today from 6 to 9 pm at 651 Colley Ave. Learn what EVMS has to offer and hear about ongoing research!
Evidence 1900's fashion is back in - Instagram.
Going to have to delay the stickam for a little bit because my computer is being a piece of shit...but hopefully we'll be on soon!
Yeah. Maybe it's just a season not for me and next year they move away from the stuff I found annoying/repetitive.
Happy B day to the guy with the greatest hair on this side of the missippi
RT : Food industry used framing to prevent regulation of food advertising. responded w/"We're not buyin...
Today's #9RoundMinute is going to be brutal, but it's the best way we know how to send off 2011. Coming up at noon!
RT People always wonder why I'm happy all the time. UM do you want me to be sad or? I don't know dawg.
c u on foursquare
Thx 4 recommending I'd been using Apple's #iDisk, but it still has issues with not syncing properly. Hoping for best!
From the Lillian Schwartz to the Jo Dery films, so much good abstract music/sounds
Top #marchmadness visual? Draymont Green literally mopping the floor.
They sell it in Indiana. My kids love it.
Do any college wide outs catch the ball with their hands anymore... Every ball caught is with the forearm.
My HS is playing an alumni football game to help raise $ for the Chardon victims. Wonder if I can take the FOX chopper to get there?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Love you seester!!!
ah mercury still in muddling sign of the fish. got your elixir! it is WONDERFUL! thank you & best of luck in your scribblings.
much appreciated
So, declined two of our videos, said we didn't have rights to our own work... hhmmm
yeah, she's cool!
I haven't used one for domestic travel in years. I have used one for international travel.
Cann a Bitchh get a Break?
Gotta face Estrada, Gallardo and Greinke. Then again, they also face #Brewers offense.
Proud Day!
All this talk about being real , fake ,hoes and good girls. Like stfu ! Just do you stop being a fucken story teller. Being all dramatic.
"Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity."...
We removed an old bird nest from an attic yesterday. YUCK! Check your roof vents for holes. Contact us if you need help. Happy to help!
straight up cried and snitch smh
Good luck! RT : So excited to be giving a speech tonight at the donors recognition dinner at
The 365.52.12 Project (music every day, a new song each week) is well underway. Song #1 just completed. Blog (with songs) to follow. FUN!
Whatever the mind of man can conceive. It can achieve! <U+201C>: Stay humble... Stay hungry!!! #MOAM<U+201D>
what did I do now?:)
: Hi Julia -- I'm trying to understand better how Sulia works and want to discuss ways we could work together. DM me?
like no one saw that one coming
as long as you're not a Lakers fan it's all good.
Thank you SO much for the love & support! #prom fair
workin... gotta make endless tracks
[PICS] Surf contest for kids in Guatemala to bring awareness for #seaturtle conservation. Thanks to volunteer Trent Hodges.
After the affected area, Red Line trains moving quite well.
When I touch mile I see the man scatta, scatta as if I had a clutch on a magnum!
Good morning world! Have the best day ever!
Followed 30 people so far! 160 to go! (i think?..) lol
Practice during the daylight hours? Unheard of.
Happy Boxing Day & a special thank you to everyone that purchased from www.mypuppypads.com for their holiday travels!
Thank you to Gene Winter for the more than 25 years of #econdev service you gave Greater Richmond & to Happy retirement!
sorry pep but it's true. I was hoping for a celtics/lakers final but I guess we have to wait until next year
well fuck you too, alrighty then
Well deserved from what is being said by friends. Look forward to checking it out this week.
thought I was already following you. I'm a lousy stalker. Wonder why it's quiet when the answer is... Nobody else is around.
Hell yeah, you got that fucken right.
We will be reaching out to some one soon to have them claim their FREE Prize of 50 Holiday Cookies!! Who's excited!
I gave my brother my ID, I hope they don't find him though. Cause they be knockin' on my door, now they lookin' through my window.
. on how CCDP peer-reviewed books not entering library catalogs bc they're free online, never go thru acquisitions
booked a lead in a feature film! Check out my website www.ciarrasiller.com
Hey wanted to give you Jodie's Twitter..She didn't know how to do the whole follow thing so here ya go
thats all i know though haha
like its bad?!
if you spell marketing right first, of course! ;)
Thanks so much for coming! is indeed pretty fabulous.
Happy New Year! Let's make great things happen.
I know I should eat the strawberries, but I'd really rather easy the cheesecake :-)
So excited to watch #khloeandlamar!
I gotta start wearing my glasses :(
If copyright gets more complex it will be even more confusing and it will lead to people ignoring and acting out
Did you have fun filming this episode ?
I love nicki too I'm so exited for tuesday !!!!! Release day woo !
#magnolia in #midtown is packed with tourists, but it smells so nice and is so colorful #Can'tResist
can you play What Makes You Beautiful I'm dedicating it to my mom for mothers day please?
i will have my corporate business partners review acct/contract and reach out. if this is an error, we can certainly correct
RT: &VegasKool Radio are grateful that a visionary,Steve Jobs, made such a difference in this world.
Great article featuring about non union actors going to EPA's and ECC's.
<U+201C>Racism is man's gravest threat to man - the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason.<U+201D> Abraham J. Heschel
Gotcha!!!! Hope you and your mom have a good Mother's Day!!!
good stuff.
Real PR Media and SNO-PR have been hired by two Hollywood producers to promote the new film Milennium, starring the "Octomom" Nadya Suleman.
This monster man followed meh :D thanks for the follow bro
You really think so??? I don't think so..kobe can't beat thunder own his own. lol
This. RT : Pet peeve: People who say "backslash" when giving a URL. It's a slash, people. A slash. It leans forward.
I just gave to the Dallas Fire Department's "fill the boot" campaign. Have you?
Gotta hype our really cool 60's art posters. Nice for framing and looking upon!
thankyou! And I've followed you :)
I need taken care of.
It's hurting me, because you have a box to hump. Game in a box? That's so 2004.
I'm a rational person, until you get on some BS
They are more secure than those darn, slippery, paper clips.
Maybe Maybe not. Jury still out. But damn good album. RT : become villains
Thanks! RT : SO THANKFUL that our children can participate in Younger Generation Chorus of Plano - truly a Premier Chorus!
Just got asked to help as talent in a music video this weekend. Couple of auditions too. Yay!
At the Addy Awards with my team! Wish us luck!
I cried when tweeted me happy birthday
New icons thanks to
watching animal farm with
Join las hermanas at our Founders Day BBQ TODAY from 12-4!! GW - Anniversary Park
#TEAMBOSSPROOF is in FULL EFFECT
Probably not, unless you could prove usage. Not that any of it can prove useage... On the other hand, who's watching.
TGIF Hard-headed and breaded
Party Of Three sings Britney, Whitney, Madonna, Gaga & more w/Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta Drake on drums Martuni's SF 5/5 7pm
The Wisc. Whitewater Warhawks could be the Purple champions of the weekend. If they hold on for the Div I Championship 2nite
that is awesome
I TiVo'd a Kings/Nets game...this is not an April Fools joke
I need a hug
Police officers in the information center tonight taking crime stoppers calls on #shoplifting. 303-698-0999 until 10:30.
This is gonna be such a great year! :)
By George, I think you've got it.
lol yeah go pats.
!! RT Dear - your new registration/paywall system means people can't tweet a lot of articles. Seems self-defeating
Brooks Custom e-newsletter is out. If you want to see the latest #countertop and #design trends, DM you email address!
just if you like it or not retarded lol
Dude keeps repeating "I'm a psycho" & asking for money for weed. We can't get the mic from it! It's MADNESS! It's Big Fish on the beach!
follow back
Sunday Services at 9/11AM: <U+201C>Tripping Over the Threshold<U+201D> with Rev. Ray, music by The Unity Choir, Band, & Rachel...
Don't miss our on our fabulous Europeon Style Sunday Brunch! Served tomorrow morning at our Little Italy location.
howw ! just cause i dont wanna bring an umbrella... tf i look like !?
I really wish would just let his game do the talking.
Next learning feed :00pm EST. Let us know if this was helpful and relevant to your
Waiting for professor Soergel to speak about the UB MLS program in Webster, NY!
Thanks! :-P I'm excited to see you and the fam!
Give it a try and sign up for the competition, you never know !!!!!
Patients and families need to be at the center of Carr decisions
Verdict Not Guilty!
That awkward moment when it's quiet and your eating something crunchy
Thats what they always say Quake lol!! J/K RT : I'm trying to follow you but it won't let me! Follow me :)
Okay, so Barack is the smartest person in the Universe, but he SUCKS at Fantasy Football!!! He just drafted Kyle Orton with the 1st pick LOL
that WPPI/Twit sponsored photographers session was too good. Is it available somewhere, please. It was great.
no. I grew up watching Yankees games with my grandpa who was born in NY.
re: Valve, too bad people aren't compensated for creativity / ideas. Hard without them being defensible property
you know cudi does a hook at the end?
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her, but don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
I got a sunburn today
Don't try to be on every platform Pick the ones where your target audience hangs out on the most :)
Phil Hughes Y U NO REMEMBER HOW TO PITCH??
I Think I'ma Start Cooking , Like I'm STARVING.
I actually make an effort and you don't even care.
you're weird
Getting ready to Lauch RichmondNightOut.com in the next few weeks. It will be THE place to find everything happening in RIchmond Tonight!!
when the Browns trade down almost every year.
Thanks, new followers:
surgery tomorrow
yeah add me jerry77wayne
....but also, & hopefully I'm not too much of a putz for asking, but I finished cleaning up my script
RT First time in team history two Broncos have been named AFC Special Teams player of the Month. Prater won in Sept.
sorry. It was with fam.
Haha...there's no limit! Well, expect for us. They have to be done by our 5pm news!
It's always easier to get out of bed when it's sunny!
Finishing up the last of The Brice Frillici project!
Good morning everyone
You could if we had a store! We are web only and the stock is all in Beacon, NY.
hope you made your wish at 11:11
I want to interview the late Jack LaLanne's wife, Elaine. I want to see how many times I could make her say "My name's Elaine Lalanne"
looks like we are gonna give everyone more time to plan, it's gonna be in May after graduation. Everything is booked for SB
My daughter wil be 21 in one hour! I am very proud of her. She is the most fun loving and beautiful person I know! Happy Bday
Japanese Quince by Seda France candle co = heaven :)
man the #Mariners load the bases and still couldn't score anybody..
Yes, we def need you to do what you you!:) we're trying to make this viral! Thanks we'll love u forever
it killed me. i so wanted it to be good. i almost walked out
Puleeez, what love handle's??
Grieves, when are you hitting up a show in LA next? ;)
good luck sir!!! I'll be watching....... #tigers sorry I like 9 innings not 3. ;)
Finally seeing "The Avengers" with !!! So excited!!!
Finna get otp wit my baee
good stuff last night
Come on Phillies, get a #*%$'n hit.
Looking forward to seeing & others doing #Zumba @ 2morro!
thanks Frederick! Same in return
Got you angry bout this girl Im with in all the magazines
you've already heard it... You already heard it before my blood family.... #that'slove
Saying "or not" when someone doesn't do something you asked them to do.
looking forward to the SIG tomorrow. See you there.
This next album will really set me apart. It doesn't sound like anything I've ever heard in my life.
Mixing my new CD-day 2
Anyone up for lunch after this time slot?
Somebody make this man sit down!
only 12 trying to tell me that he like my style
Love is like war: Easy to begin but hard to end.
like the logo a lot. :)
a que hora?
What's up with your boy wade????
no school Friday kid, dnt forget 8am on Saturday
guess who I'm listening too?!?
Thanks for the Momo promo! They (Momo) have a new album in the works...
It's only a matter of time. Then ima be MVP in that competition we got
and of course im in feckin LA .. =(
Come on in. Sell away. (But goats, in my experience, eat everything in sight...bad for biz?)
Wow this game is a constant sprint! Wish I was in St. Louis to see it live.
that will take a few visits! We're in your neighborhood until 8 if you get out early, btw.
yeah, i'd be more worried it climbing on your shoulder or something while on the highway. silly mice trying to kill you
TWSS : Lin didn't rule out Game 4 a week from today. "We just don't know how it's going to respond,"
Cause I'll say HEY you'll say BABY how's ur day I'll say CRAZY but it's all gunna be alright IM LOVIN YOU TONIGHT:) <3
At least he wasn't naked like they do in the Terminator movies.
take as many classes as you can. Research online and find some acting workshops in your city.
Sometimes we must humble ourselves and accept the help of others. It may not be the path we expected to take, but if it helps us grow as...
What brilliant romantic comedy should we watch in the shop today?
Yay! halloween is almost here!
Havent tweeted in a minute
the reason I changed my life. He's an inspiration to me.
As a constituent in your district/state, I urge you VOTE NO on the House Appropriations CR Bill for 2011.<U+201D>
Don't talk about it, be about it!
We hope you ladies are enjoying your concert! Thanks so much for coming in tonight pre-show!!
Got GPS Plus yesterday+now I'm driving to auditions listening to voice navigation. Feeling luxe & kinda
Only 2 cool kids on this mufugin' bus!
I certainly will!
I'm not doing anything laying down feeling a little sick
lol i still have last fridays blues then
Random tidbits after #TecmoVIII....Tecmo V champion Buzzsaw retains highest Win% at 86%...James (skunkerofBIW) reached 30 wins in Madison...
please do!!
Walkers ad. Don't let Barrett take us back. Back to what? Creating jobs?
what is your user name? I will take a look. Also make sure you have location turned on
Just sittin on my sofa with my bean dip waiting for the Marshawn Lynch show to start
thanks for having us. Next month will be a hoot. See you there.
Next, get Richard Marx to ride the pepper.
count your blessings, not your problems.
Congrats sister , named Sorority President of the Year at !
Kobe a good coach...he does have his team winning without him....hmm. one day maybe
have fun taking mcas i dnt have too
Why am I #stillawake?! Should be sleeping, but #YOLO ;)
some nigga thru up on tha bus stop today...i gave him an atltoid when he was done :)
Ok Oregon... I moved from Denver to get AWAY from the snow!
Shut up jerkwad lol I'm Gunna have get u for that lmao
": i think the big show is about to hulk up #avengers" He basically already is. He'll probably just turn green & stay the same size.
THANKFUL THURSDAYS AT THE FARM: DONATE FOR ANY EDIBLE UP TO A $10 DONATION AND RECEIVE ONE FREE.
Michael Hardt's translator's note on Agamben's "whateverness" is helpful - anyone know any other resources?
Happy birthday to much respect for this guy, check him out(:
miss ya too kid
When you see the shitty paint job of the security door, know it was me. Two days off in a row let's get it.
FOR the record.... i am reeeeeaally drunk, and I am sorry for any txt twites you got from me. I donno what i am saying. love you all.
I love ! "We'll just stick it together with glue and gum!"
both are really good. The health benefits are phenomenal. I drink mostly Almond milk myself, no dairy but do coco milk 2
Ahh, a morning run in the rain. How relaxing...
When Google burps, we all suffer.
Dinner date with my Maria
#SHOUTOUT to & !! We will be doing a collab soon on youtube! Be sure to check out their beauty channels! <3
I get that, and appreciate it. My point is about rhetoric and style of academic discourse.
is sexy and he should follow me. (;
nice! I had one for 3. It's crazy!! Haha
RT : Colton gone on Idol tonight?!?! What?!?! Really thought I'd see him in the finale...'tis a sad night, indeed. // Agree!
:/ wanted to stay up and talk to him, but I rather he get better.
Warm milk for a soar throat.
and if you get too elitist we'll bop you one;)
A girl worth kissing isn't easily kissed.
smh at him.
lol. moms rock!!!
Fuck Steve blake!
Sometimes I can't even force myself to ask the question why because that word is too basic & that question isonlyworthyofonewordedanswers.:)
I will never take sleeping or eating for granted ever again!
I now know all about Spider 3 Wide Banana thanks to #grudenqbcamp. Lovin it. #nfldraft J E T S
HAHA you're right...
<U+201C>: u tell me mr hollywood<U+201D> there u go I been hiten u up u turned yo back on. Me homie..... :-()
<U+201C>Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.<U+201D>-Og Mandino
feeling the fragility of life. love to all who are moving on.
thats what I thought
Thanks for connecting! We look forward to your tweets!
The last thing I wanna see at the point Loma senior prom is all the underclassman hoes grindin on desperate guys
Yeah Mann I'm Ready For Tulsa! Mann Summer Is Gonna Be Soo Amazing!
running around this evening to #East Falls #Fishtown & #Olde City to pick up malfunctioning computers. Give a shout if you need tech help!
hey, do you have a trainer that works with you or do you do any of the machines besides tread?
Reading "The Information" and trying to imagine a time before we looked things up. I should count how many times a day I look things up!
Yes, we are. 10am-9pm. Bummer to be chocolate-less during the Grammys. :(
Today's Q: I should use sunscreen at football games even if I only go once a year. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
Twitter stopped the verifying process for now
i wish i was as good at cracking my back as i am at cracking my neck
Will Ferrell YES @ : who is hosting snl this week?
but i want to hang out with you, even if you turn out to be a bunch a hunks
Productivity Tip: Set a timer for EVERY task on your to-do list.
WHAT DO I DO
I want to quit following the fa drama, too depressing. RT : The Ravens are suddenly extremely shallow at the safety position
Master of Whiskey #TomTurner is buying the house a round of #GingerBulleit cocktails tonight @ 8:30pm at #Rouge Lounge inside #MGMGrand!!
Fab. Design Tip: The paint in a room will look different throughout the day and evening depending on the light.
<U+201C>: Score? RT Played Olympic Club today in sf.<U+201D> of course he scored. Cart girl behind the 12th tee box
#austinpowers. Daddy wasn't there. Nigel Powers -
people automatically hate me, and that's ok because i automatically hate people.
Bored on a Sunday night? Pass 50 "likes" for a RAD little VIDEO update :P
My kingdom for a place to have Japanese breakfast by my house. I need a savory start to my day!
Is it frowned upon to try and convert people to bieberism?
I'm boycotting Brussel Sprouts till the Pirates get back into .500 territory! Then again, I never did eat a lot of those things anyway...
Senate District 13 includes Watertown and Beaver Dam, WI.
Ok..can we blow this open now..the Hawks want us to. Give them their WISH.
My friend is recording a French VO for a client-in the still of the night-wow is she great! Anyone need French VO talent-I'll hook ya up!
SNL: Best of Jimmy Fallon >
can you tell what kind of gun that is?
RT : Ok everybody, if we get over 300 followers by 1pm tomorrow, then I will take two of you to a lunch next week. Sound good?
Wow. The worst basketball decisions I've ever seen. Ever. In one night.
Waiting for my coffee to be brewed.
#sschat My question is should it be just papers or essays?
people are somethin else. actin like you don't care then go n talk shit about it when I'm not around.
Doin' a little old school social networking today-- lunch with Carl Malamud and Mike Edson. Google 'em both if they're new to you; read ...
Is there vodka in that mix?
We're driving through LA on our way to Modesto. This is the life.
Some friends who make big paintings have put dibs on the walls so I can show off their work. Will be fun.
Hello! Thank you for letting us know. Please DM us your address!
roll tide all the way....
Welcome to the team. Hope your first week is great!
Met some kids who named their dog "Lahey". Easily the kewlest dog of all time.
Finally! The sun came out today! Time to get out and enjoy the day.
it was a fun show & everyone shared great energy
YES! Haha u gotta go SO early tho, the Cody Simpson concert I went to was GA & we got there 4 hrs before & got 2nd row! Haha
never say never bud...
Today might be the worst day ever. Bank cause I lost my debit card, advanced to get new headlight bulbs, then work #yay -_-
Yes Haley, accept that you just got denied lol
Gotta love family guy :D
thank you for giving a great keynote ! Attended over the computer, but sang along from home :)
both of you know my extreme crush on Tina Fey, quit playing games with my heart (before you tear it apart)
that's what my mom would do lol:)
Over at The Robert Erness Band will be performing LIVE from 7-10pm TONIGHT.
I shouldn't love you, but I want to, I can't walk away. I shouldn't see you, but I need to, I just can't look away.
awesome! thanks :D
please follow!
thats good to know!
La Cofradia will be closed on Monday, July 4 th in observance of Independence Day.
EVERYONE sees her and says, "Oh, I love her!" but then cannot remember her in anything else.
it's all GOoD we still love MFC it was just our time to move... God bless u guys!
Thanks for the follow! Best & success!
Asking for pray today.
Damn Skippy. <U+201C>: Shouting/singing loudly at your TV tonight isn't weird. It's common SportingKC etiquette. #carefree<U+201D>
my boy got us box seats, sorry man
Your overall content strategy should be the same no matter how much time you have to do the project. RT
Im so ready to go home n relax ...have a cocktail with the roomie :)
He's mine you may have had him once but I got him all the time
general issue I see a lot of: file naming, post-production, and server organization policies should be done in advance
very true, very true.
Off to the gym.
because they moved my desk 4 times already this year and I used to be by the window and see squirrels and they were merry.
If Wayne Rooney flaps his arms any more often I'll swear he's attempting to fly.
She then promptly bought a couple of cards to send him. It made me wonder how many others have forgotten about their loved ones in prison.
yes, swing past the office. should be here so you two can geek out on algorithms
I like how hard Indy is playing Miami. At this rate definitely doesn't look like they will be an easy win for Mia
much love g cant wait till 4 20 im settin shit up for it now its gonna be money
thank haven't hung with u in a while
I think toto (terry) is baileys guardian angel. I have left a bowl of food out for her every night on Halloween. Nothing is a coincidence.
LOL -And you know I reserve that for when I actually LOL.
everyone already knows brooks is one of the worst coaches in the NBA
If only!
Rihanna rock casino!
yeah whats up
Now she is using _You Can Count on Monsters_ to check my work. Apparently I forgot 43.
MEGA ANNUAL Theme park passes being given away on Laura Diaz - Local 6 's page....
Yes, it is, but it's obvs just not going to happen any time soon, no matter what I try, so I'm trying giving up for a change.
Agreed. RT : Looking at a drained Kobe, Pau and Bynum...can't imagine them refueling in time for Game 1 in OKC
Overall I'm interested in the experience of rhetoric and writing as it plays out in everyday practice--kinda a big interest.
Sitting in the dining area and saving seats for the rest of us for breakfast which is not even ready.
Jazz Brunch Today at Oro starts at noon. No Cover. Kids eat free all day.
Someone tell me this One Direction band on SNL is a joke boy band, like the Meaty Cheesy Boys on the Jack in the Box commercial circa '99
Agreed... but we hope you get SO much more.
hes wearing the jacket strings tiedd...
Make sure you grab your tickets for our show TOMORROW w/ The Almost & FRIDAY w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, & more.
wish you were here too!
Someone should come see m.
Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day "Love Eternal" Dedications! Info is here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
#FirstTimeISmoked I... thought it said "snorkeled".
That's pretty hot.
CraigsList missed connections
If you think a certain way don't expect that the other person thinks the same way
For the next 32 minutes swing by Polished Tavern and get the deal shown here: Free Shot & Free Pierogies
Thank you @ socialnetshow2
it was cool to see how the project is evolving. 2bad abt the bad connection, but props 4 flying all the way back to show us.
Sad for baron that knee looked nasty
They're serious<U+2026> wow. MT : New ad for SF Mayor Ed Lee blows Mark Block out of the water youtu.be/fbdd_Fasz0k
deez famous rappaz a trip 1ST they rap about how they wanna get on SO BAD then they rap about how bad it iz 2 be famous WELL YA MADE YA BED,
apartment e-hunting for Milwaukee. Greatest thing compared to Vancouver: monthly rent is not typically $2.70/sqft.
What would Wolves get in return?
hmm... where did you see that?
Thursday and Friday look nice. 70's w chance of rain. Sat and Sun mid 50's.
Sometimes scholars of color in academia see themselves as outsiders within - Dr. Nina Wallenstein
As a charity bakesale consumer, I confess I'm really irritated paying $1 for a single cookie from a stale package of dollar store cookies.
I just know these things..RT : Despite the LAC/Memphis game being live, is insisting that Memphis won.....
$1.2 billion, and I charge a 1% retainer for the appraisal LoL
words cannot express, but i'll try: uhhhhhhhghghghgag
We are prosperous to the degree that we are experiencing peace, health and contentment in the world.
Thank you for enjoying it! RT : Oh, how I love your Querry! M... Thank you for shipping to Minnesota!
It's 's birthday, and you can't a word in edgewise on !
Gotta love Bob Baffert's sense of humor after a heart attack. Shoots a video of Sheikh Mohammed visiting him in hospital in Dubai. Get well
stopped by to see ya...
juicy j sat me down and taught me well in trippy class
#20ThingsAboutMe 14. I'm excited to go to mingo central! :)
it gives people an excuse to act like a dildo.
Sure over sell the show...
ESPN NFL - Bears have fired GM Jerry Angelo, league source told Chris Mortensen; Angelo had been GM since 2001
Is that post worthy? :3
I'd do such dirty things to my cat.
Dear Jordan Taylor: Our Hero has not missed a free throw yet today. Take notes.
Or-- all those pple make music for babies, and that might also be true
Beat It Up #Pleasure P!!!!!! This My Songg <U+0001F60A>
Welcome to Twitter!!!
Celebrate the moments you've managed to survive. The music might not be in tune, but take a moment to rejoice that you're still making it.
thanks Jason, I had a blast!
Welcome everyone to NOBLEPRODUCTLINE's new twitter page!!! We are so happy to have you join us!
Margarita you dumb ass goofy ass hoe!!
Sugar Maple's beer list makes me feel feelings. Dragon's Milk Oaked Stout will rain down on my insides.
<U+0001F621> lol not right it's just not right
Hooker hated nickname "Fighting Joe Hooker", sounded "hot headed". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Research project explores reference books as practical tools of protest
Hecky naw this dude aint neva just strip on the side of me
The torrent version of the WRP teaser will be the highest quality version. I'm going to have to downgrade the quality for the stream sadly.
thanks for the RT, Rick
lol they're puke green >.<
I always pegged Simpson as a Titanic & Celine Dion fan.
cheer up grumpy bones! I love youu <3
it'll happen eventually I'm sure. We're all way too driven. I'm gonna attempt sleep BUT you should get at us in a few hours lol
I liked when Ally McBeal used "Snapish" :)
I haven't been good about tweeting out shows.. Room 5 tomorrow, 8 p.m. Come!
Trying to make garden purchase but having trouble with the registry...some items not linked & no shipping address provided. :(
Heard a commercial on the radio and it talked about blogging about bacon... so I thought about
help me help u ;) RT: I'm addicted to Little Big Burger... help me
Spot on my couch..check! TV channel on TNT..check! Ready to watch the #Lakers take #Game7... U KNO IT!
Thank you for the follow
#LastTimeIChecked I'm single & I can do whatever & talk to whoever I want to talk.
THANKS for your great TWEET!
Great idea! re: unpaidendorsements.com. Taking customer reviews to the next level
I could read the transcripts back for you, if you like
joes not afraid to shoot a few texts during gov
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way, shaddup.
Think twitter is insipid? If only you people knew the picayune bullshit that I spare you.
okay not RED RED, but burgundy! :D
Thank you ! I appreciate it !
Check out my new song "Right Between the Eyes". www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret
Want to know who's winning the 4th and 5th starter battles in baseball? www.ussportspages.com
Hahaha, "Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, an equal opportunity employer, our windows don't open." That's why they're in advertising.
Aw sh*t!! Lol RT : I think I see I'm not sure though, lol
much more excited about ios 4 bluetooth keyboard support for my ipod touch than a normal person would be
ugly boa!!!
Even the sun sets in paradise
Graduating My Drug Classes In A Few Weeks. Yayyy!
#wikileaks releases #Apples Battle with counterfeits in
yeah, its the writer that really sets me off. her comments during interviews make it difficult to enjoy the show for what it is.
Nice! Jason Aldeans playing #flyoverstates think the stereo sounds damn good!
We make the donuts and deliver them to the most awesome on a regular basis, i.e. daily.
New Moon comes out Fri. What could be better than that?
Omg i just saw the new fall lineup for CW. So many changes.
COUNCILLOR RALPH COOK AIDING N ABETTING CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE? MAY 2011
for the record, I still hate u for doing that to me
Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Carmel ice creams....YUM!! omg...these r my fav - don't even taste like diet food!! :)
Oh yeah, is open today. Shop there, then go to and get a macaron with SPARKLES ON IT (I know, right??)
are you in DC cuss its actually not that bad... Been worse recently.
There's something to be said about people you see succeed after failing over and over. And that is they suck really bad at hiding failure.
its kinda wierd seing all those ppl tweet every minute when i have nuttin to tweet bout:PP:(
be yourself cause everyone else is already taken.
He's 23...he has plenty of time to grow up. Seriously, what were you doing at 23? Winning the Stanley Cup? Getting the GWG?
We're on the air and phone lines are open! Be the first caller tonight and share your thoughts from the last week: 317-736-0950
Those ARE creepy, and cool
con san?
I'll be there. It's my first race!
No offense to Western! Which I also love!
The child Samuel both answered and listened when he thought someone wanted to talk with him. 1 Samuel 3:1-10
I actually look pretty good today by most PDX standards.
transition of working "desktop" to an extension and then transformation of personal space
RG3 in town today, let the mayhem begin
For me or for my cat?
Friends, its what twitter is all about, givem a #shout &
RT Any wine, beer and spirits bloggers out there interested in working with BevMo? Send us a link to your blog.
RT : Admiral Mike Mullen: "General Kayani is my friend." Aw.
probably not
RT #Leo is a dominant, spontaneous, creative & extroverted character.
I hate it when i second guess my self and regret not taking chances
My apologies for delays in website updates. Things are finally starting to get under control here!
Super proud of Madison public schools for participating in the
I kinda wish Mel Gibson was my dad
laying down talking to my boyfriend
Excited to collaborate with on #vreddit! Look out world.,
Secret Life <3 Ricky's gonna ask Amy to marry him I think so yeah can't wait till next week
Weeks should cut his hair, that would fix everything.
Bout time you horn blower RT : I'm tweeting u hooker
Happy Friday Curvy Divas!
haha drankin enjoying the summer yay what about you ???
nuthing just got in from work
Headin to I could say I work more hours than but that's just a lie!
I dont really think that you know what i've been through.
Going to s basketball game gunna what him kick so booty(; #GoSeymour !(:
yes what is it !x
done with work for the week, at home, socks off, feet up. life is good. i think this calls for a beer!
Has anyone encountered _advantages_ to online/distance learning in ICC? Rather than losing things in the translation?
told ya
Madison won't be the same for two weeks. Get your hustle one back here.
A must needed rest.
and the product of the past 24 hrs check it out. HOT!!
If you ain't with the shits .. you could get popped
follow me back stranger
Your skype with Bank Street inspired me not only as a museum ed student, but as a painter too!
finish my homework
we got into chicago over the weekend and stumbled upon what's now our new favorite colombian restaurant out on west irving park
Following back so please follow
": it only happens..." master that accapella
Come watch "Despicable Me" at 7 in the Forum tonight! There will be snacks.
Last year people lost about $30 billion worth of cell phones
First day of oscon. Two excellent sessions. One on Android development and another for using improv to build teams. And several good convos!
Wow I shudnt even be suprised
#ilovealltimelowbecause they showed me, it's okay to be myself.
Do u like base? Do you like base in ur mother fuk'n face?
Global inbound marketing solves this problem
finalized my count of the Rufus King library last night: 3,714 volumes as of his death in 1827.
Females be tryna smoke my shit, smh so disrespectful...
REMEMBER: TONIGHT!! Our SEXY Art of Seduction Class starts at 8:30!! 555 Whitehall St. See you there!
why do they bother to put all these complicated designs on your toilet paper if your just going to wipe your ass with it and throw it away??
Back from my first day on the court and it's great to play again
absolutely!! ": Chris Brown again? #Grammy let down."
meh...I believe he's a bagger at giant eagle...
Salt all in my wounds
Three brothers, three fortresses. ~ Portuguese Proverb
ooh, you can send USR1 to dd, and it'll print out its progress. wish I'd known that long ago...
I hate this
Careers - Sierra Club
Some profs stated that assignments were their intellectual property. Concern about class design plagiarism?
Scheduling more and more shoots for April. Luv it!!
Our pleasure, we're happy to keep promoting Eco efforts.
cheers then!
hate when girls say dude
M.I.A! Call me when you get a chance. I'll be at UC this Friday.
#kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider, & a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 12 1:30p: The coolest ever rock-n-roll romp in a bug's world,...
Critical Level 2
Me im a 1D fan and im 12 haha!
T minus 10 hours till w/ ..already in line waiting.
lol, I guess this wasn't real news.
hahahaha that's so stupid !!!
viewship would skyrocket
No room booked at the moment so if anyone wants to share a room for about a week at doubletree, let me know
": Chemistry doesn't make sense to me. Stop trying to explain it." Took the words right out of my mouth.
CR, here we come!!
it was very hard
pok salad annie is classic.
thanks for the inclusion!
no problem! We had a great time
Its all good cuz when u act up i acrt up even worst bet
#Brewers are out of relievers with Chulk coming in. I'd guess Estrada might be available, though.
We love your interviews :) if you could check us out and tell us what you think that would be great! Thank you :)
Took Peter (with the fam) to Fitz's for his sixth birthday. The boys each had huge root beer floats, which they drained.
do tell!
RT Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. Aristotle
ain't got no snuggle bunny baby! :( looking for applicants
thank you!(:
next week okay? i'm open most afternoons except possibly Monday.
Just saw an APD motorcycle with an M-16/AR-15 instead of a shotgun on the back. Interesting development in the militarization of police.
Looking busy at a racetrack
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out.
And it was back to my killer tomato soup for dinner... If only it were harder to make, and even harder to eat... Off... I'm stuffed!
I tip my hat to every girl that shaves her legs. It definitely takes time and I nicked myself twice. Hopefully it gets easier
That would have been my preference for this application. Alas, the only thing around was Old Foresters.
love your suggestions! We are deciding between ale house and rustico!!
Passion is right up there with talent when performing as far as how good you are!
tell the world I'm cumming
Congrats! We're happy to have you!
Smile at each other, smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other - it doesn't matter who it is
Been forever since I Tweeted. Busy! New App launching #Chinese accent to American.
So just informed me that I'm in this for the long haul. Cue 15 hour drinking session. Go!
Damn!!! I was thinking the same :) RT : I need someone to rub it...please....
I wont!! Haha. And yeah ur right, I just started back yesterday actually and it's already hard!!
Can't believe it's starting to snow outside! Come get out of the winter weather and take a 10 minute vacation B-)
Seeing the Avengers with my son :-)
Psst! Go follow ! She's got GREAT tweets, and an awesome fanfic! :)
I want Baltimore fans to PACK THE YARD tonight for our game against Toronto. Yes, I know they're in Toronto. Daddy needs a new Monet.
We're looking for a part-time legal assistant for our Mesa office. Please pass this along to anyone who may be interested. THX
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
I'm gonna beat u gofing
yeah, I've known since I was at least 12, officially out last year ;) I have pride and no shame!
Burn Notice - so good!
Today the San Diego Housing Commission. We were able to get a certified birth certificate for a 6 month old baby so Mom could keep housing.
I finally get the green light to drive after surgery and where do I go first? Chrisgees's Salon:) My hair looks NUTS...this is long overdue
Need to get back on p90x
Time for a hair cut
Thats a welcome change
we had looked, but I thought it was going to be summer b4 he might actually do it, so I was totally shocked.
sounds painful
Thursday night feelin right it's gna be a great weekend
Why is there a show called "When animals attack"? It should be called "When stupid people go near dangerous animals"<U+201D>
everybody follow / #TEAMVANESS my girl grindin . support her PLEASE . UP&COMING artist so stay tuned !
Its almost the weekend! To celebrate the weekend almost being here I'm sending out $1 drinks! Shoot us your email and receive yours
Whoops, sorry, I thought I was! Thanks!
PLEASE create an profile at www.ourstage.com & vote for to get on Janes Addiction's next tour! Every vote helps!
S/O to for actually answering the bonus question!
<U+201C>: Fucking forever. <U+201C>: how long will you still be tweeting now that the show's over?<U+201D>
Berelowitz argues that just using a mobile CSS style isn't enough. You don't want a downsized pedal car, you want a bicycle.
falling asleep at the sink while the shampooist washes my hair. wake me up when the massage is over
I'll leave you paralyzed from my strokes/ I don't sing girl, but I'll make you hit them high notes - $G-money
are you at work? I want to talk to you about something. where are you??????????
My third day in a row sleeping in science <U+0001F44D>
RT : Today in 1947, Jackie Robinson bunts for his 1st major league hit
Can't wait for the playoffs starting Saturday! #TeamDazzy!
Where does the money come from to fund #FishSecretSound?
Novocaine on my face
Not broke. Just bent.
and everything they wore looked thrown together and cheap, a lot of brown shirts and double-knits
nice! I trust your judgement and am definitely gonna get both of those when I finally get there
me too
<U+201C>: what do you call someone who complains about other people posting pics of their food, then posts pics of their own food?<U+201D>
what clubs hould i hit in houston
lol my nigga. Still hold up once i get the last contract imma let you know all the sites that will have it up.
Dick Clark has died. student Justin Mozer interned twice at his production company. Badgers are always learning
those 10 gallon blue water jugs are about $5 or so....worthwhile investment
lost my best guy friend. just randomly he texts me that he doesnt want to be friends.
...WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF MY CONFUSION
multicultural segments are going at a faster rate via
agree you could say they SHOULD have beat the Pats.
right, no dough. No insurance right now, actually, which scares me.
Old Doctor Who and new Doctor Who really are two completely different shows.
Agreed! A interesting way to illustrate the near constant lack of privacy, though.
<U+201C>: #loitersquad lol<U+201D> They was tripping on there bro. Super hilarious they gave some N's a show like jack ass. Lol They On!
We had a great evening here with the parents from Hamilton Elementary School.They watched Dave roast and then did a cupping of the coffee.
in school Now -.- smh
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Legal & Cop
RT : It was nice of Callista Gingrich to come all the way from 1962 to speak to us.
let me say, austin is becoming more famous! he is in the studio working on songs give him a break!
same here!
First correct reply wins #Colts prize package. Colts have played a Thurs. regular season game in how many straight seasons including 2nite?
I get so irritable when I'm tired.
Just peeped video of TI checkin' Diddy on (who's my fav blooger by the way) glad Diddy got checked! That was ridiculous.
Did y'all know that George Jones is on Twitter?
Thanks for asking! 5:30-8:30pm. You can always get more info on kings.com!
how did you get justin bieber to follow you i feel like he will never see me
Driving in my 90s car with my 90s music makes everything seem so authentic.
maybe there's a flaw in your list?
Thanks for the RT Clark!
sharing is caring cabron
i do cause then i wouldnt have meet u
You noticing any of your fans lately? (:
thanks! I will!
To the contrary, it's deja vu all over again in 75-minute increments... but it's not just a sensation, methinks it's real
I'm having a great hair day :)
hey just talking to jordyn my best sister forever!:)
has been selected to serve as Review Panelist for the United States Department of Labor Employment & Training Administration's Grant Program
thanks Laura!
doesn't get much better..!
Harley Davidson gives Gloria a white leather jacket.Thanks for being here. Enjoy a little piece of Milwaukee!
They won the President's Cup and qualify for the memorial cup.
Thank you!! Looking forward to the LA #bcsm tweet-up. We'll miss you!
If I hear fake or snake one more time there goin be problems
we didnt go there yet. Haha. Everyone is ma house is just now wakin' up -__- lolol
Amazing new projects coming up with the #wcgaps team & an investigation early Friday morning at the 5 news station in Phoenix.
Go see Paranormal Activity 3!
New York City traffic F-ING SUCKS!!!
I tried a fish spa yesterday and couldn't handle it. I'm way too ticklish and was afraid it would give me nightmares!
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.~ Dan Gable
All these to lazy to get a job ass mofuckuas need to do some real soul searching and check theyselves.
The hardest part of problem-solving is making sure you know what the problem really is.
RT RT Having babies , periods , gotta get ready , girl drama , boy drama ? Yeah FUCK BEING A FEMALE
I CANT WAIT for #SaySomethin to be available on iTunes!!!!!
You may need to discover what it requires to take a look at nearly any game and spot the inconsistencies and glitches speedily
The feeling of coming home and going to bed #ILoveIt so hungover
Dirk Nowitski just got smashed by "Iblocka!" Wow!
I can't go through the Ed Sheeran twitter feed without feeling a bit gutted. :(
Posted a new song:
lmao my Internet started fucking up too !! So I said fuck it and got drunk. :)
<U+201C>: Still trying to decide who I should vote No. 1 on my AP ballot tonight. Any suggestions?<U+201D> Yes, Syracuse
no you working tomorrow? I predict there will be an amazing deal for me tomorrow.
Thanks for the Retweet!
Never look back.
Burgandy, & mauve for highlights & teal for the stem.
Going to a movie soon wit my bestest friend rebecca cant wait!!!!
omg you're so hot. I've always had a huve crush on you
Could we get a third day in a row of summerlike temperatures? How about 70 and sunny?? Check out the forecast today at 5 and 6!!
So sweet of you for retweeting. Thank you, dearest!
": Devin Ebanks does know he's Devin Ebanks, right? Why's he acting like Andrew Bynum?" You outtaline for that one Mr.Rome
you kinda put me in the mind of "Raj".
I agree!
Such a busy little day!! New Silverflower Jewelry Designs, Ttereve, and Infamous Items!!
I'm still laughing at the design and color scheme. Signs are usually similar (only so many combos) but his...well...
#NZP - so excited - this season, cheetahs, maned wolves & LIONS! Doesn't get much better!
woww really.. asks for French fries and bread at a Chinese restaurant.. #comeonnowdavide <U+0001F38E>
Seeing a child admiring bcac's mural affirms that we focus on what's best for children when dealing w trauma and interviews.
I do enjoy hearing that guy say "Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook?" #AT&T Commercial beats squealing pig on Geico any day!
Darn, forgot abt the traffic on Church...argh
I've been afraid of changing 'cause I've built my life around you. But time makes ya bolder, children get older and I'm getting older too.
oh well she can deal wit it your awesome!
#FF Great minds do think alike. Android / Photographers:
I would so retweet that sweat pants tweet if I could.
Money on MayWeather
Funny stuff. RT Only asking Joe pa football questions today would be like asking Clinton foreign policy questions in 1995.
haha I totally did (:
where are u moving? I'm off all next week
LOL Thanks for schooling me. I rarely ever watch tv or keep up with any celeb.
lacrosse with the landslide win. Now for some authentic Philly cheesesteaks
well, you are in control of your destiny.
STOP POINTING THAT HALF CAFF AT MY DAD
thanks for helping to spread the word!
aww I.wish I was!
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW-download- InSpotter mobile app
Great show at Magoobys tonite--enjoyed Kevin Pollak and enjoyed the club. And The Amazing Betty and I got a pic with K-Po, coming soon!
TWO MINUTES.... LETS GO
Getting a pedi. Yea thats what im doing :)
Time goes by so slowly.
sometimes people think bigger than simple science.
I'm new to #PHX and am looking to attend #TweetUps. Know of any coming up and/or a contact on here? Thx!!
Yea right
Check out #creativeeconomy2011 for all the tweets about event this am, include comments by
Half a dozen Because "six" is way too long.
oh la la. When can we get together. I go to Aurora almost every weekend. You still in Nprvill?
is the weed whacker in the garden of evil, mwahahaahh!
Good and you? Thanks for the follow.
Heading to BWI on my way to Jville. Time to show the world how Raven Nation rolls. Live tweets from Jax all day. Out.
to be honest I don't even know if I knew anything about it lol. But I'll be there :)
My mom's on Twitter. Welcome
Never give up! But I'm going to sleep so until tomorrow #1DtoOmaha love you all :)
That sucks!!
Im working on waking up early. Just gotta get over these first few weeks.
Got interviewed by today about incentives for hotel guests skipping the housekeeping and being #GREEN, thanks My Fox!!
u live on an air force base! Ah that means hellls and bells of sexyy guys! Send me one:)
Senate meeting at 4:30pm in Shiley Hall room 301! Larry Williams, DIr. of Athletics will be joining us!
Thanks for the retweets!
Loved tonight's Whitney Houston episode of
LOOKING FOR GOOD ACOUSTIC ACTS IN HOUSTON@ PLAY LIVE FOR US!!!
aye it do go hard on the cool
Quite a line for the flu shot -glad the line moved fast
Long time no tweet eh?
ightttttt I got chu. I probably won't see her till later but ill let her know then about the both of ya :)
Back To The Future<U+2665>.
Happy Holidays from the Judy's Book Team!
Nice first half!
women like ushers ex are really sorry excuses for Women..they really feel entitled to every cuz of marriage its sick
FCA Banquet with and !!
So far, so good ! The concierge was so helpful and she was very knowledgable about the local #jazz scene!
YMESYDT. You Miss Every Shot You Dont Take. That's my motto.
what is the point of having access to hathitrust digital library with fruitless "limited (search-only)" access?
hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!6
Welcome to the family Nick Perry.
Hamilton back ino Rangers' lineup
another labor day: school starts tomorrow!
I do it over on FB from time to time, too. You never know when it might happen....
Play is CNUV MEGA RUNNER COMING
glad you finally made it to 's atr!
U will emerge a stronger warrior
That scene played out between you today as adults is great stuff. In context of Greg's blog, I suspect crimes were committed.
Recording the new album could begin this summer!
I assure you, it's safe for our office. ;) Thanks for the link, listening now!
my song to my crush Perfect Two by Auburn
I'm exhausted! P90X kicked my butt last night! But I'm done 6 pounds in 4 days!
Alex, I just got to work and I had an email from you. Or from your doubleganger who works in London.
in literature right?
and then that same woman's daughter died, and the son-in-law accused her again.
Will Ferrell is easily the funniest actor out there ..nw #BladesofGlory ahah
Thirteen years old, walking to catch a bus to school in Silver City, and a man pulled up in a minivan and tried to grab him by the hood.
Much thanks for the recommendation, there are seats still available if anyone wishes to attend (I'm in DC area). www.GlennGary.com
Haha, well damn!
yeah, totally! It was great fun until my sister stood on the counter and yelled "one more minute!" Then they kicked us out.
there once was a group with liam and niall..
<U+00AB> at times i pretend shit don't bug me cause i don't like others to think im weak.<U+00BB>
Why can't you buy drinks on sunday? I guarantee jesus loved to drink
Bui look like the Chicago Bulls in trouble. ha
Too happy to be tired.
IF YOU GOT LOVE AND SUPPORT FOR JAYPRINCE AND FFTAMG,SHOW IT HERE..!!!
funny how you find you enjoy your life when you're happy to be alive
Check out Sweet Tease in the September issue of Options Magazine. To hit shelves any day now!
Thanks for the follow. Our Eades whisky will be in NYC by June. We're quite excited!
If you want to get into the others, let me know. I may have a way.
I didn't know 106&park was showin Chris and Nikki video today. I'm glad I'm watching BET I can't wait Chris gone look so freaking sexy
Only had to pay my sister w/a latte to get her to take notes & report back what her Baptist pastor says, if anything,re #ssm this Sunday! ha
<U+266C> 1991 Mark Knopfler's Dire Straits re-formed to tour for two years, they were booked to play 300 concerts. songs Inc: "Sultans of Swing" <U+266C>
Using Migratr (Windows only) in a VM to switch from Flickr to Picasa. Works well, preserves photo captions, though not set captions.
I have no power.. Hopefully it will be on within the next 6 days... Happy my Ipod is charged time to bump some
What is your favorite quote?
work work work
Watching my youngest at skating class. He can go backwards! I can barely move at all, unless you count falling on my ass.
Congrats #tiger on your win... I'll be buying Your game TWG13 come tuesday <U+E014><U+E307> #xboxlive it's been 2yrs to long...
I want to go to sleep and I can't
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY BE FOLLOWING US AND NOT FOLLOWING THE BOSS
that's so rad thanks man!
I love you, even if i stay off twitter for a while I will never leave you .
funny lill mistake.. i thought it was hilarious.. i been emitting mad energy.. the universe responses!
Britney Spears dance party going on in my house.
agree...I think part of it is in the approach though, and understanding what is being said
Please let us know what problem you are having with saving binders.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.
I love Storage Wars! I don't have cable so I have to wait for the next season to come to Netflix : (
i am really looking forward to avocados, breakfast tacos, and delicious margaritas...and the job, of course:)
I never knew how stressful Crazy Fun Week would be...
Start living for something worth dying for <3
Just emailed my resume!
To Win: Mention our name on twitter as many times as possible by Friday April 13th, 2012. Each tweet must include: +
apparently UT couldn't be bothered to mention that Rik was interviewed along with !!
Look forward to an even better 2012 season with no off-season lockout drama.
Is brooke not doing cheerleading anymore?
thanks , I'm cute :]]]] lmao shessssh
The Astroaria Easter Offer continues thru the very merry month of May. Find out what the Solar eclipse of May 20 brings you
We're doing great. How are things in Cleveland?
yeah I run track
So I told him again how busy I am and then he says "I understand u have kids so I can come by if u want" -_- the fuck!?
planted my first garden ever with my son. How things change when u hit 30
Love me. Please.
Sweet video of DC jazz patriarch Paul Carr, talkin' jazz / MT : Founder of the Jazz Academy of Music talks wp.me/p1Iyzv-5MO
Come in out of the rain -- coffee is on -- dogs will be hot soon -- Donald brought in some awesome smoked cornish game hen to sample -- yumm
I wish you knew how I really feel about all this...
those aren't rally towels; they're actually snot rags
Ok bet,Just sent some stuff ova
My stomach hurt so fuckinggggggg bad right now
You're welcome! :)
Long week slinging drinks. Last night until my weekend starts. Here's hoping for a smooth shift 2nite.
damn technology is taking over me haha that needs to stop
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part... I miss y'uns :(
I love u waay more Erika Harris
<U+201C>Chess not easy game.<U+201D> Miguel Najdorf
one thing you should know about me is, I DO NOT respond to "lol" "hahahahahaha" "lmao" "rofl" etc.
Also I was in chosen to be in the "Recorder Club" in third grade because I was so bad at playing the trumpet.
Painting: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to critics. - Ambrose Bierce #quotes #art #fine art
Scooters would be nice to have hah
I like that. My mom says that everyday. RT : MAKE it a great day!
thanks for the follow!
Dear douches, #stayoutofmylife .
Is it dorky to walk up to someone and say I printed your book or I follow you on Twitter? It feels dorky.
Don't blame or complain. Plan and follow through.
JAYS WIN!!!!! JAYS WIN!!!! JAYS WIN!!!! Let's make some free throws next game and shock the world on Sunday!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Why would people want to sign up for your newsletter? Nobody wants more email. Give them a REASON to want to sign up.
Friday Specials! $5 Box Lunch is TUNA! We have a killer Tuna Sandwich. There are only 10 and when they are gone, Go Fish!
so its back to square onee :(
#ihearttomdennisspeaches Watch out for the squirrel <U+201C>: RT #ihearttomdennis don't you? #amasummit<U+201D>
brown eyes are beautifull
found my geometry book!
In the Hills of Beverly blowing hookah pipes with Sports Illustrated swimsuit models because it's the Hollywood lifestyle that I lead.
Till :"you got a pussy, i have a....dEEk, a big dEEEk." hahaha xD
apparently we had more of the english ECA to do -__- but good thing it was the essay part, i'm better at typing up bullshit for an easy A c:
Yea, think I saw a documentary on him on History Channel.
damn :) beat they ass lmao
Class in 5 hours but I don't care because I'd rather spend my last few nights here with great friends reminiscing on great memories..
I feel terrible for you. Getting paid to watch games & design sports pages? It's not like you'd do that for free or anything.
Football is better than Basketball. Who doesn't know that ? Tf.
Or for any reason <U+201C>: Mitt Romney. Simply: a man willing to lie about anything to hide his failures and his extremism.<U+201D>
was it close the whole game? Did they have a shot to win it?
Time heals almost everything. Give time, time..
Hm #wine, #beer, or #spirits tonight? Tough decision.
Angels, Ducks, and Galaxy - though I rarely pay attention to hockey.
Thanks for this list, Gail. It's very helpful. American Girl, Discovery Girls, and Sports Illustrated are our most popular mags.
Mom took me to the park after the Vet so....I'm cool.
Found some 20 year old paper in the junior locker area! me:Ima keep it! Kevin:It belongs in a museum!
Supposed to be studying for a test but on twitter instead
90's R&B is still what i bump.! IDGAF
Just wanna go to the park and ball
It's here! www.phillytreemap.org - thanks to all who came to for the launch. Now go map some trees!
The fuck you talking hella loud for nigga i'm right here in yo face...
Wait till the slime is green. We know what that will mean.
I wanted a ticket but I woke up to late, so I decided to buy a lot of shirts, posters, and hoodies from your site<3
Software #l10n tip 6: Plan for the whole process. The text translation phase is often less than 1/2 of the overall software #l10n effort.
Well, she has you instead!! I mean she could have married a really smart successful guy! It's only money!
Me: "How'd they get off your feet?". Him: "I took them off" Me: "Why?" Him: "So I could bring them to you." I do love his honesty.
adding goat cheese and green onions to boxed mac and cheese, omfg
Producing drum kit, timpani and other percussive sections before I figure out how to lay a french horn down in this bridge.
MY FRIEND WHO HATES JUSTIN SAID SHE LIKES TURN TO YOU. THIS IS AMAZING. but i mean how can you not like it?(:
<U+201C>: What a coincidence. I get to the hotel and the movie The Town is on. Wonder what part of Boston this was filmed in?<U+201D> teehee hbo
Ugh so bored!...
An apocalypticly cold winter is predicted. Fml.
Cheese... milk's leap toward immortality.
so much going on tomorrow
No Pete Maravich but still a hooper!
Did you go to Vegas for fight weekend sweety?
same here,
*looks over at and grins* Yes love...do tell?
Goodnight. Btw I'm gonna start getting on this page more. You guys shy??? - Zaona
Also your future babies. Triplets. All boys.
Home for Easter? How's that going?: Students often find it tough leaving home for the first time but, writes Mad..
Pumped up kicks dubstep version >>> Original pumped up kicks
<U+201C>: I would like a hagen daz ice cream bar!<U+201D> Make mine a Ben & Jerry's peace pop. Perfect day for ice cream! <U+0001F366>
Great Times call for Great Friends, Gabriel Jason & Sonia dambbb I missed these nights<3
If you are a supporter of the #MuslimBrotherhood, you do not belong in America. MB = terror. RT
At the rate I'm going, I should just change my major to English & become an author.
Got 3 out of 4 for my Final Four picks and am now 2nd in my pool to someone whose winning team is Missouri. How? *sigh* Missouri . . .
Another AA Availables Showcase participant off the board ": Coty Clarke (6-7/F/2012) of Lawson St. CC committed to Arkansas"
Who are your top 5 upcoming bands!!! Link us to their twitter accounts!
Lol okay this time I won't search "chemjobberman." I know how to take a jint.
Movie tomarrow activity gonna be funn hopefully....
Recruiting for a Records Management & Archives Coordinator to work at a client site in San Francisco, CA. This is a long-term contract opp<U+2026>
I know I'm the same way <U+201C>: I watched that fight 5 times, I don't understand????<U+201D>
There are Jenga myths?
lol whats wrong with u being a gal?
Stop by the tasting room on Railroad Street this Sat and enjoy some live tunes 11AM-3PM from Mind Your T's & Q's while tasting some samples!
Sounds lovely!!
it has your name written all over it!!
The Torah is the way of life for all Jews and as a Messianic Judaism, the observing of the Torah is of prime importance (which is observed w
the summer is mine
@@@ uuuuuuuuuuhhhh so kinda bored but on twitter holla
Did you party like it was 1999?
Amazing insights from Mick's talk "Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!"
LOL sorry my obnoxious mother took my phone and I couldn't tweet :/
Last final of fall quarter!
and they likely should. Photo sharing still pwns the web.
Oh, you don't play soccer? Then why are you hitting on me?
Today should be good and interestingg!
sweet story...good luck in Chicago! You have a new fan in Seattle :-)
: #andwhatelsehater LMFAO RT : Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game . -- suck dick
Using the c**t word and douche(fillintheblank) to describe bad behavior is misogynist.
Good call Roenicke, let Counsell swing the bat! Hopefully this works out...
Back to Back blocks by Sanders. One on Howard and one on Udrih.
- I heard that crack in the sky a few minutes ago. It has my attention!
That's short. RT : Oregon's scoring drives are shorter than their cheerleaders' skirts.
I hope you feel better this weekend than you did last weekend.
lol 'you should see the other guy'
Got 3 #s so close
Hey Divas & Gents... shout put out to all my new followers
Stress free . Happy ish/ can't wait for summer . Hope this week turns out for the best .
I just said that!!!! Lol <U+201C>: Got damn everybody gettin injured<U+201D>
i was gonna go to sleep but then i saw 's tweet...Guess im staying up...
Sounds like a perfect way to end the day!! :) on the rocks or frozen?
pretty cool, huh?
I ain't a beeeeitch. You're the beeeeeitch.
Tonight a live interview with Jane Pauley. What would you like to ask her? Live
Its funny how ppl are quick 2 run to u wit open arms when they need sutmn but cant be there when u need em #real talk
Really don't need these long speeches by Villaraigosa and Ed Reyes
you're in Texas, go with the shiner bock!
I guess "LeBron missed key free throws" will be trending soon. Wake up, he's playing ridiculous right now.
thanks man :)
LOL!! RT : Oh cute! There's a little naked child streaking across the park! Holy crap, that's Thing 2!
#thoughtsduringschool everything except school
How many pieces of gum?
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh -- at yourself. - Ethel Barrymore
Republican-Independent Billionaire Nyc Mayor Bloomberg Plan to Closed Down Public School to Make More Private Schools for Profit.
That awkward moment half way up the stairs when you realize you went downstairs with your iPad and don't have it now.
<U+201C>: Virginia Tech picks up a roughing the punter to give the Wolverines a free first down.<U+201D> makes up for the PI no-call
3 years ago changed address while moving all people on the account to a our current address.
San Antonio, Mexico
haha wee then. When are you gonna spam Jordan?
Thanks to the #ixd12 attendes that texted me photos of Guinness drinking. Seriously, no envy at all. None.
Forgot my stick at home...spectacular
Forget all your sharing, Facebook refused to accept petition with 53K signatures. Guards shooed protesters.
I just tap everywhere haha
#drupalcon "Patience is not a virtue -- it's a requirement." -- Robin Barre
Yayy!! I'm finally out of school!! Christmas break is finally here!((:
I've got those faces you have!!<U+E105><U+E057><U+E419>
Time for me to get a new iphone
Bored going to play guitar for a lil. PC4PC???
I am so tired. I was #productive today at least!
Guy: SUCK IT! Girl: Sorry, small objects are a choking hazard.
You're welcome! I've left you one on the guest post too.
Is it considered day drinking if it's the weekend?
haha :) that's cool, later on at night I'm going to a party
can't wait for the basketball
Of course the only Chinese in the room is playing the violin
Welcome silver sponsor ..American Drum Horse Association!
LET'S BOWL w/ GRCH 07/15/10. Lucky Strike Bowling. And silent auction w/ autographed guitars by FERGIE, KATY PERRY, DUFFY & other items
I dont. But I really want to know what you guys are talking about.. Lmao
oh sweet!! Are you going to come to our Whisky show in the 7th?
Thanks to for organizing a great #drupal event in #hawaii! Maybe on Molokai next time ;)
Great content is, by its very nature, shareable. Simple but true.
I'm curious about parents that are tuned into videogame ratings and #ESRB. Are your gaming kids boys, girls, or both?
what week are you in? That's a great workout.
Welcome to facebook. I don't care for it much either but it helps me keep an eye on my girls :)
you at the Sabres/Stars game right now?
Happy birthday to the two most important women in my life my moms and lil sis Deborah & Kameron
Miz goes from #wwe #wrestlemania main eventer to a 12 man tag in one year..Can u say doghouse??
sounds good to me It's been a while. Let me know when you're free.
I live in Nebraska... LAST TIME I CHECKED that was kind of close to Canada, eh? haha
The SCoop was awarded Runner Up for Best TV Show on this year! Great night at the TV8 Wrap Party!
: Thanks for hosting such an incredible evening with Erin Gruwell of Put shivers down my spine. Inspired.
order online at pizzashuttle.com!
Holy Christ, a shot from the point on the PP ends it
just bought #UnderTheMistletoe on iTunes!
The #BostonMarathon only took me SIX hours! Most people who came had left already! What a star! Congratulate me!
have u done the follows for follow friday yet? i hope not cuz i dont wanna miss out like always :( love u so much plz follow
Players of both teams stay inside for the national anthems. Wouldn't want to have to put on a jacket. Classy.
That would definitely be hot. I would love to cum over there.
Today doesn't feel like Thursday -_-
Lot's of leftover #easter candy!
Kiss of death! Oklahoma Sooners grab No. 1 Spot
Sigh. Moving The Confident Introvert blog to a new domain is taking way longer than I thought.
RT : Fool an #Aquarius once, they smile but shame on you. Fool them twice they still smile but you gonna get your face beat in
Never looking at L the same way !
Post on facebook thins: Lms if you have a twitter. If you want followers comment your username. Then we can see.
have a safe flight <3
Thank you! Love that clean code that you do :)
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, Jan 7&8! Tickets start @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
Today marks the start of one of the few things that really matters in life and I don't know what I'd do without it.
I'm high lol
Whether or not it's "a bit of a project", ANY recipe on your site is worth doing
If you've never read "The Time Traveler's Wife," read that.
Someone shout me out please, I will shout you back out!
Boom Fizzle
i saw #montecarlo yesterday. Why is Selena Gomez so damn pretty?
Friday night yahhhh
What's up fellas, when should we #Mavs fans expect a song?
what it dew boo??? How u livin out there???...
St Patricks day 1 of 3. Canton Irish stroll!!
Local copy? That's like a horseless carriage, right?
May your New Years be full of Peace, Love, Great Heath and Prosperity that only can b given by Our heavenly Father. Happy New Years.
I dislike mondays
pop da pussy
Thanks for the Welcome! It's so nice out here!
Something I'll never get sick of...seeing the word
#WHO IS EATING HEALTHY
Sheree Howard, Iris Monroy, Chad Strader--great live music in Richmond, Texas this morning.
At da park wid my son; son and mom time
Good find. Don't know what happened. No mention on Twitter or NBC.
"A passage from the Talmud proclaims that over every blade of grass, there is an angel whispering "grow,grow." What is ur angel whispering?
Great creative minds teaching business lessons at
I'll be home tomorrow... I'll listen! <U+0001F618>
Sushi with my momma <U+0001F498>
you mean former cook who called in sick?
I know, I don't blame you for judging me. I judge myself too.
These batteries taste like they are freezer burnt.
AND ALL I NEED IS A GREAT BIG CONGRATULATIONS
Hey yall notice we stay consistant and keep bringing bigger bigger things to the scene
OMG. MIND BLOWN.
whats your all time favorite movie maxine
what up pimp. i mite come thru thursday
hahah chill off and on with many #naps and procrastination. tomorrow I wont leave the house til 10 or 11
you are not a slut and that is such a negative and hurtful thing to say to someone. especially someone as sweet as you. ):
5 novels & 25 feature films coming soon....
She like the way I walk, she like the way I talk ;)
A perfect day to sit by the window with a warm cup of coffee and a good book. Je suis contente.
Nap time before work, I will dream of not having to go in
On the way here Ari???
: Yea! Stuck is so simplistic, but the art and way its told is so engaging and whimsical, for kids and parents.
make that this week and I will agree!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :)
Agree. Blackmon for Bradford + RT : If I'm a Rams fan, I'm ecstatic over this trade.
I need 3 strikes for my team to win this game. Can I do it?
it was a better tweet the first time lol
Thanks for the constant updates! Congrats family!
If your not following & no point of having a twitter <3 Biggest Fan
my hero
and you can't have one until next march!! isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?!
all the way. Bought VIP just to meet him. =)
so the question is, how much discount from that baseline should this person eat for the privilege of working for the public.
First day of school! Our students are back & ready to learn. Great to see them & our volunteer tutors. Let the learning begin!
Thanks! Have a really good week!
Great kids concert next weekend in Bellevue, Red Grammer: Great deal too! www.redgrammerbellevue.com.
thank you for stopping in! So happy to hear you enjoyed it!
RT : You all are kicking it with this fundraiser. Keep up the amazing work ur doing and have the best day ever.
GM Tweeters!
recommends for the ultimate wedding dress! #Luxbride Amazing variety to choose from
Looks like president Nolan Ryan knows something about pitching. #duh! Thanks for signing (Yu Darvish)!
I certainly hope they do! (The app is free for the next 24 hours.)
thanks, I appreciate it. I'm trying to see what other organizations do around the country to be successful
3/4 on a good day.
Never hold back your true feelings. If you have something to say, then say it...cause you never know if you'll ever get that chance again.
Hm I'm always up late.
Work!! It's all good though..Sam's reimbursed me for most of it
Made my day to find out at my friends casting for that someone there loved my photos. Big love for whoever that was. :)
OH GOSH OH GOSH, teen wolf is coming back on of how I've missed that show show much!
TONIGHT On Late Night With Performing his NEW Single 'Don't Let Me Die'
Sounds about right.
Surprised you don't have a youtube account to do that kind of stuff like me then
merry christmas to all
"the hood with the bad"? was that a freudian slip? :-P
man i really dis like dat b.tch.. i try to be nice and speak from time to time but... oh well f.ck ya!!
Thanks for all the good info this morning! Instapaper and e-Portfolio look great! :D
Watching little house on the prairie, it's been a while.
Yea Casillas!!!! good save!!!
So excited & happy to announce international shipping is now flat rate @ $9! Canadian shipping is now flat rate @ just $4!
I'm so heated this morning, its ridiculous.
So, all youz guyz should go to my facebook page,"Family Fish Farm." and see how the triple bottom line really works in three dimensions.
I don't know if I can make it then, I have my Twilight book club
...and thats what ya get for calling the sex hotline
Cool the Earth welcomes Malcolm Mackay elementary in Tenafly, New Jersey to our program!
Had a wonderful, amazing & lovely weekend thanks to my wonderful boyfriend, :)
Pretty sure my dad and I are the only people under the age of 60 in the cardiologist office
so is anyone else going to see tonight ?
YES! BRASS! My inner band nerd just high-fived my inner headbanging rocker in celebration. Can't wait to have my face melted!!!!!!!
That's fascinating and I would imagine a little frustrating?
2 extraordinarily brainy, witty women, on 1 show, tomorrow night! PLUS = Genius overload!
hey gurll Ikr! We diffently have to talk more!! :D
where you at?
Welcome, so happy to help. <U+201C>: GINORMOUS shoutout to my friend , who just pulled me out of a floundering tech issue!"
Something tells me Dan will be pretty busy with Beer Week stuff then!
The First Friday Juerga starts in a few hours! See you at Solo Flamenco!
He want me ta call him ; unmmmm
HE'S UGLY. :O
1st major league hit is a 3 run go ahead bomb off Papelbon in the 9th. Enjoy it big fella
60-90's music >>>> today's music.
- Hi - we're putting together a girl's getaway - we're talking about it - alot on facebook - please come and find us....
"We have the power to shrink our dreams to fit reality or the power to stretch our reality to fit our dreams"
cook'n mc's like a pound of bacon!
remember when you got 2 ice creams at carousel?
Tonight is gunna be a
Just heard that the college and hospital in Creston were hit by a tornado tonight. Thoughts and prayers to my fellow Iowa tweeps!
Second wind at midnight! Lord help me
I won't be able to sleep tonight unless I find out where Bartolo Colon signed.
4 the record...there's a new giveaway promo, sweep, & cue for new album. "So come in get it "on
:) check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent!
have fun in Spain girl!!!! Take pictures!!! :)
Good words to live by - RT : Be happys for others happiness or success & be compassionate toward others suffering.
not that i care cause i dont but his single again .... :/ just made things harder on me
*sees a little kid* 50/50 chance he's gonna smoke pot when he's 13
damn just realized its almost cinco de mayo. is gonna be missing this weekend!
you can't force Carolina Steve off the air!
My big chance to reach my goal new mexico you betyer be ready here i come!!! Shout out my my coach for signing the deal!!!
Sea Otter 2012: Specialized offer up a blast from the past
Oh pretty! haha
<U+201C>: for sure! How about #promoyourself?<U+201D> or shorter - #PromoUrSelf ?
you awake?
Who's coming to our #grandopening tomorrow?
There is pretty bad service over here... -_-
I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today. ~William Allen White~
Hey whats your email?
First the dreadful peanut butter and jelly slush and now Maple Spice coffee?! Smh
yep, i'm a pro babysitter. :p
Brothers finally home and already started his shit with my mom. Thanks for ruining Mother's Day asshole.
+10000 RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms! :)
I genuinely really like you.
Justin Blackmon is a true stud wr, nice pick
Just realized James Franco has a big sunflower on his shirt in the entire movie 127 hours.
#miserable #nomotivation I need a pickup bad
i hope is ok, i just checked the score...
...has a preexisting condition that makes health insurance companies deny him. Obamacare would help that.
Thank you Rachel, you are always so sweet! :)
you don't know how excited that makes me! WOOOHOOOOOO!!!
omg how did you burn your neck?? Did your mom burn you?
Listening to and enjoying every minute of it
Sweet. I have to be at work in 4 hours and my tow truck broke down. Awesome.
i think was talking about the windows of the banks
Anderson: Critical Commons: searchable, downloadable, library of fair use clips, curated lectures and playlists
office? really? I'm getting TextMate for sure.
Well, thank goodness for Spirit Day.
The new social media tool that has 97% Fans that are women! Good to know
Shit's become so much more real to me lately, seriously follow me for some inspirational shit. Trust.
"Jazzhands" in Joel's voice
He, or she, who is wise and mature learns to respect and honor the gift of life!
Hi Julie you're really bringing the family together. Lots of us going to Vegas! Aunt Eileen
having a chill saturdayy at home with my boyfriend and the usuals :)
That's shocking
Great stuff happening at this conf. in Detroit... RT : One goal: Reduce the meal gap in this country.
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
Tapu Property Valuations <U+2013> Investors Beware
Oh yes! Packer domination early! Lock it in,
Yoiks- all my grading, invoicing, and new Vocate episode done by 930! Now just coasting to Avengers with Geoff, , and Art!
Just discovering the responsive layout work and those guys are doing on the bootstrap 2 branch. Great stuff. Thank you!
#PEACE will come when our hearts are filled with peace. We think, act and will PEACE in our hearts. Then we will enjoy PEACE of mind. PEACE
Turns out we were 7hrs early 4 the Yankee game. Now enjoying the #rapture in Riverside Park.
Birthday shopping in Chicago (:
have you seen the train of boycotting his advertisers? follow #boycott rush.
well don't rush! Hahah but good luck (:
Cast removed. Any advice on helping a 3 year old not leaping from tall buildings for the next few weeks?
Always prepared to live the High Life!
The most powerful gift human beings have? CHOICE
Thursday = 1/2 off Wine Bottles All Night!!
Ill check it out. Thanks
they're only following 80
yes, that's been fixed.
<U+201C>: The chorus of, "Without You," was done by the incredible - go follow him!<U+201D> much love
everyone will forget about it, just don't reply to the haters. let them hate, they need to get a life:)
I never call, she know whats up
HAHA. Now that's a good one!
evacuate the dance floor pumpkin!!!!
#yes it does. Nothing on the weekend to look forward to anyway
Lunch with my florida family! I love them!
It should read "Please keep us in "MIND"" Otherwise great tweet. Let me know if you need assistance in Washington State.
Good Morning Bob!!!! Listening as I drive to NYC. Missed the coffee song.
We're discussing three films that were nominated for best picture but didn't win and we think deserved to. Thanks for sticking with us!
Your always on my mind. Theres nothing I can do to make it stop I seriously LOVE you and it's not a lie... <U+E403> I just wish you felt the same<U+E023><U+E058>
I ain<U+2019>t Mumford, I ain<U+2019>t tryin<U+2019> to have sons
I need that 3k
Middle fingers to my haters mugger fucka I'm gone
Thanks! how was your race yesterday!
very real in mine too!
So much change is on the brink of happening...I'm a little unsure about how I feel about it
your very welcome! :) I'm SOO excited!! Love you! :) <U+0001F499>
Real estate attorneys Thomas Kaufman, John Ratino and Christian Hudson joined Goulston & Storrs in Washington, D.C. from Hunton & Williams.
! shame it clashed with
The biggest threat to America is Republican policies.
I believe I just saw about 6 other fans on this flight! We travel well...
It feels like summer! Definitely a great evening to try one of our new cocktails : Bluejito: Veev Acai Liquor, Blueberries, Mint Leaves
Don't keep testing the ones you love, at some point they will think you are doing it because you don't trust them
Follow our stellar mentor for the upcoming She<U+2019>s helping to spread #LeanStartup Register now!...
I get it in regardless why do you truthfully feel I need you your like a car part Hun REPLACEABLE
I have overdue library books... just thought I'd let you know.
my cookies are delicious!
he needs to get 12,500 follows by tomorrow to do a video chat!!
Int'l obligations bow to the Constitution, not the other way 'round. Obviously I disagree with the result in Golan, but . . .
Don't hate me!
Happy Halloween, everybody. JAMS is definitely the house giving away full size candy bars. No mini-toothpaste/ mini-toothbrushes here. Haha.
I can't wait to get more songs recorded. The full length is gonna blow minds.
thanks and #FF back!
I had a dream that Beyonce sacrificed Kelly Rowland and Kelly died. That was some dream.
I just tweeted.
Someone mention me or something because this makes me really upset.
In Atlantic City making three presentations at an OSHA/ VPP conference: OSHA's HazCom Standard, Global Harmonization and Record Keeping
lol yeah... MUFFINS!!!!
I'm an American and I support a public option for health care.
it shouldn't be this difficult. but it is everytime.
gunna take a nap tired
I entered so wish me luck! I could use some good luck lately. ;-)
"The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships."
"DEFENSE" Double Check!!
much be low on cash. They've already messaged me twice asking me to pay my bill that isn't due until next week
At a session on the #ecar report at
Hey sis! I'm in Tucson. How goes it?
Today you must cut to the chase and ask for what you want in clear, concise, complimentary terms focused on the value to reader
have a great day Nick <U+0001F618><U+0001F601>
Whoa...had fun last night:)
GM! What a beautiful day! Thank you Jesus !
Every netbook I've used (5 or 6 models) has multiple USB ports. Doubtful any version of Photoshop would run on any of them.
Is ready to do nothing this weekend but relax! (and work on her video)
which Weeknd joint(s)?
Kids should sit in their assigned seats. Period.
Sorry I didn't get a chance to introduce myself Dave. Hope to get another opportunity
Any way to see David Attenborough's BBC Frozen Earth Final episode here in the U.S.? Let us know.
happy women's day <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Rainy days on the trolley are the worst! Everything gets soaked... But at least I don't have to sit in traffic!
Getting rid of them feels good!!!!
Wow thanks YAY!
Spicy Chicken
I'd advise any Steelers fan to never wear their jersey in any part of Ohio. Keep that garbage out of Wisconsin too.
Every time i talk to you, i smile like an idiot <U+0001F60D>
Votto is my all-time favorite Canadian. Although Jim Carrey is pretty cool, too
Querying for one of my other books. Waiting to hear back from an agent who requested the full manuscript!
The relationship in a story can lead to more meaningful learning
"Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
Its hot
we aren't worried about you stepping up :) #mux is gonna be lucky to have you.
Welcome to my world. I'm doing accounting, in between my social media addiction. Ps. I got some dates in July, too.
They're talking about there being a better way of life and how we shouldn't be so focused on this life<U+FFFD>there's another world.
Share an example of how you seek out & act on both internal & external feedback.
Not having the right tool is one of the most frustrating things.
Crud - Oberon beer is seasonal. Who knew? Off to find a suitable game beverage.
I like the missed squeezes
my universe will never be the same... I'm glad you came...
Guys, the Spurs shots aren't falling, what do we do?
I can't wait for new episodes
31 days i got .time i got ...money ,well thats the goal..lol
Still up working on Finances.
Fantastic speech today at Legal Tech by Don Tapscott... the new generation, innovation and how they affect EVERY business model!
I, for one, had a lovely time hiking through the Amazon. Now, what is a browser, again?
spam spam spam spam spammy spam spam.
have fun in Vegas boys. Don't get any strippers pregnant.
I'm pretty anxious to see what's gonna happen in a month or two..
We have a BULLPEN?
my heart stops when you look at me.
i know who wouldn't, i think people should do it more often. Like a hobby. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Advance apologies to anyone going to the rapid capture workshop tomorrow-I am not practicing my talk. It is time to sleep.
Just made a skype account
MW3 all night long <U+E056><U+E113><U+E230><U+E059> <U+E32B> the green
Why have a heart if that shit can b broken
For shame. I can never RT you because of your privacy settings. :(
I hope and come back soon bc o miss there tweets :(
Shouldn't have slept all day
Id rather be poor and happy than rich and suicidal.
"Never regret anything b/c at some point everything you did was what you wanted to do.. and sometimes that's the hardest thing to realize"
well now I'm confused too.
mm i love spam.. musabi hay ~
hello! It's not mandatory to drop off your stroller. The service is just there for your convenience if you wanted to use it.
we will be doing live music Thursdays & Saturdays and starting Fridays in December!
it's a really nice, classy place and you can choose from either italian menu, or a meat (steak) menu
Growing my business one card at a time.
Getting in touch with my spiritual side once again!
#houston Download Pc Games Online Poker - Oh Really? - pc games for kids download pc games online Lotto players rejoice. It appear
Gotta go to the ER soon to make sure my lungs sound okay and get more medicine.
We are teaming up with Nestl<U+00E9> + DiGornio Pizza for prizes for the big game
Liver Detox with food: Red Grape Skins helps promote liver enzymes that remove carcinogens
go hard or go home
Im Lani-Jayne nice to meet you.
They would be in a state of... (puts on shades) Anger.
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your cooking tips. How does chocolate appeal to you?
sitting outside watching desperate housewives is pretty much the perfect day
Well obviously you haven't listened to the new Justin Bieber yet, lol.
I know. I'm with you. Just saying. Shove us on the badlands and expect us to shut up. (Oneida here).
yes it is...FINALLY!!
RT : s/o to for a dope interview last night.. we def had fun... #TEAMWIRE <<<yes I wanna do it again lol
It is a perfect triangle tho!
has to be my spirit animal...
Sanchez gets it done. Plays within himself in 2nd half & Jets get big one in Indy. Of course Indy not at full strength but what-the-heck.
im in love with...my I'd
I don't know, you have always been nice!! Have a Great week end. And good luck to your friend that are racing!!
who won?
Spring break!!'
hey papa, when are you making your grand appearance?!
I'll be celebrating at #SacDerbyDays at ... but of course! :)
Enjoying a can of Fat Tire. A rare thing in Pittsburgh.
yeah a little
Some people in this fandom are rude, don't listen you have every right to be here just as much as the older girls do.
my phone isn't working.
huge get for you guys. Watched him play several times. Athletic, giant freak. Really wanted him in Indy
Been doing my nails since 11:30 AM. This lady is too slow.
thanks for the RT!
Lmao. thats funny to me every time i hear it. RT : She ratchet!
Back to business as usual today. Come say hi!
If you were sleeping how do you know he was staring at you?
Just want to wish our good friend a Happy Birthday thanks for a the love you show us :)
I swear and and are so wonderful and beyond gorgeous they takin over
not sure but sounds fun anyways hahah
I think they should make dress shirts out of tech-tee material.
Mr. President... Was that a monkey joke? because it works either way...just sayin..
Just got done talking geo thermal with a customer! I am a nerd
Okay #AMNewsers.. What's going on out there?
Scheduled #EMC E20-918 Cloud Architect Expert exam for this Friday. Hope I have enough time to study.
ps my cousin almost convinced me to stay in Alabama with my pops and work at mcdonalds. I was thisclose to doing it.
": RT do i know you ? dm your number"no you bout. To
#AllIWant is 'HER'...
- where could I find more info about the "Hung Out To Dry" movement?
I call him gay C: convince him to go!:o
is Kindle's repeated scratch due to his inability or that he's not good on spec teams?
leaving to go to winslow
i can't study for spanish with all these food blogs to peruse.
Sure thing! Thanks for the kind words!
Thanks for the RT!
ya if you come to AZ we can hang out. I can show you around :)
Just bought Childish Gambino! Didn't realize Saul Williams has a new album out. Might have to get that too.
RT Ramen and Pho... yep, I never have to leave H Street ever again.
Tiger LOOKS fit again. The rest/rehab did some good. Swing fitness is the question over 4 days. Can he keep it up? Make some putts now.
It's amazing how once you start putting your startup out there (), people go out of their way to help. Thanks!
like in June!
Tell Ms. Johnson I said happy mothers day
yes. Not me me, but to one of my employees the other night haha
Build confidence & raise self esteem! Like us on Facebook
found the perfect shoes yesterday, I"m in love! <3
so today's my birthday & my follow buttons feeling kind of lonely(;
because were beast drivers
LeBron's pass was so dumb... if you're on the break, just throw a bounce pass or a lob :|
Look at things not as they are, but as they can be. Big thinkers visualize what can be done in the future. They aren't stuck in the present.
think tues & wed most likely but have to check! I'll tell you when I get in tomorrow
Some bird just shat on me as I was walking back from Quix. Frankly, it's a miracle it doesn't happen more often.
Ms Parker Ms Parker! When u gonna let a nigga..........
I'm waiting for to create an "Is NASDAQ Down?" microsite.
Hate cry babies
great job drumline! I'm following your scores on the wgi app! Goodluck tonight!!!!
me siento mal pero life goes on
word. See you there.
Hello, Dulles. It's been so long that I'd forgotten our night together until I was inside you again. Here's hoping I'm not here too long...
RT : (Stylin') women who rule: -->THANKS for the shout-out! :-)
just had the best omelette ever! airlines served it to me. Thinking about taking a trip tomorrow just to have another one!
#yes She makes me feel like a strong, independent woman!!
I'M SO CONFUSED. WHAT ARE WE BERTING ABOUT?! CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME?
I think your terrific and I wish others could be the breath of fresh air that you are
RT : I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties
ok just let me know. I'll be at universal during the day Sunday
Want to lower heart disease risk? Eat more beans! 4 times a week according to research.
How's our video coming?
sounds great. We'll definitely head that way. Hoping to get down time this summer.
watching Kim from the RHOA at a firing range holding a gun, scares me. and not for the right reasons.
yes I do thankyou
if you had to start your musical taste all over again with no memories of your past, that's what you should listen to now. end nostalgia
Phone about to die.
I want to get a tatoo
Starving that I can't even see straight
good morning from one of your biggest fans in Cleveland :) hope you enjoy your day love :)
No, the Worcester County DA is still investigating. No new updates though.
Your welcome dude! Let me know when your next show goes on
I do believe you are correct.
WOW go check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube this kid is FANTASTIC !!!!!!! follow him he's really cute also :)
Never seen so much talent in 1 day! Killer job by all of those who auditioned today. 5 more to go tomorrow, with
Where are you? I grew up on Clark Hill Road!
no - in the installation context, precalculation was no problem. i think sigmund~ can do faster-than-rt, though untested by me.
Gotta love DVR
Love that place. Food is incredible.
thanks for the encouragement; Fedora + <U+00B5>services seems less scary and more possible than i had thought
New taco bell promo: Whenver Eric Decker scores a touchdown, you get a free double decker from 4-6 at your participating Taco bell
your poor boyfriend is gonna be broke!
Didnt break a sweat but she's soaking wet
The NJIT Library staff is having its annual holiday luncheon at the Spanish Tavern today
Everybody on instagram just wants attention so show it back
I'd be older by 2 minutes...
Remembering the high cost of freedom this #MemorialDay. Thanks to all vets who've served and to the families of the fallen.
Oh my gosh, look it's food! I love food!
Your boobs look really big from any angle!
Coolin wit la chat and trackman at the yung tymer "flex-out" video shoot! What up MIA????
still a packer fan for life.. even if they lost to the giants
Poor bitch came into work today with a condom stuck to her shoe...
yeah, a hot baby hahaha he was in the weight room after school and i couldnt stop staring lol
Like..I just wanna hump justin yuh kno..
hm hope i have a free tomorrow. because if i dont..then my link research paper isnt getting done. i dont think i have a free though..
If home is where my heart is, then my heart has lost all hope
Woohoo! Enjoy! RT : with taking advantage of some good beer & restaurant week
I am worried that my germ a phobish behaviors will get even worse
Gossip just seems more interesting than facts!<U+201C>: Hoping has come with lots of silicon valley gossip to spice up lunch<U+201D>
To the mystery smell coming from our closet...I WILL DEFEAT YOU!
I just want someone that will watch classic Disney movies with me all day :(
lucky you. :P
m I don think so
I promise to not stay up past 10:30 in my time xD :)
Are you following the brilliant ? Amazing writer!!
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
that sweet
ppl will follow any trend to fit in. smh?
almost done with that hunger games post. how fixed is that 700-word limit? my words spilleth over.
also, send me tips for Seattle. I'm flying out today
I lost my car this month. I bike, bus, train (yay!) and walk. We should defs meet up on the River Bridge! (Full moon? ;)
Michigan State, I'm going to be veeeerrryy upset if you don't start winning.
Very Nice!!
Awesome list. Thanks for the recs!
naw i aint rich but om far from being broke shout out to Spread Squad Ent
you disappoint me..
I just wanna go to the mountain tops and yell :(
#FF Best Sixers blog in the world: and its good-looking writers and
"Fixies" are for asshats. It's a Track Bike!! For a velodrome!! Not for riding around lookin' like a colored clown on a shit built SE Draft.
Good stuff.
don't forget to hashtag #tdwed this week!
Hot chicks are really good at switching their FB profile pics
I sing Mozart and play guitar, but not at the same time.
Happy birthday bob
RT : :( Indeed. RT No! We can't lose the Pro Bowl! That's my vacation! ;-(
: hahaha, oh man. Excellent. A little weird, but mostly excellent.
Straight Up Hustler 01
Happy Mother's Day!
Follow , a great local/organic food/health market in Goshen, IN.
Ready to fully learn to change the oil in my car...#wellrounded is the goal
I don't give a fuck about you or youur weak crew
I interact with you.
i assuemed she used the walkers to hide the alive smell. 2nd season was very boring compared to season 1. heard (cont)
I freaking love how simple is. Payless? EFF THAT! I would be happy with cardboard shoes on my feet............... Erm not really.
Everyone was ALWAYS surprised when bad things happened, like the forgot the last 10 bad things that happened.
ya in college
hey whats up welcome to the twitter world
RT It was nice to know you, but I gotta move on.
Who is at the #Marlins-#Cards game right now? Whatcha think?
Wide, wide awake on my one day to sleep in. Typical, right? Oh well.
Cool. It is actually clothing I bought while I was there and then forgot to bring with me. The equiv of 3 dress shirts. Sound okay?
- wish a nigga would!
Yeah, I need to replace it. That was about 45lbs/20kilos/3.2 stone ago.
Would love to talk with you! It's been the defining experience in terms of my teaching style & views on education.
Thankfully no. Just a general observation on their trickyness
Thanks for the shout out! One way or another it couldn't have happened with out you and your introductions my friend.
nice. a big moment.
Jedi archives ftw.
Loving all the random what would you do if you won conversations happening in my neighborhood right now. Hilarious.
This is why I hate the #nba Knicks won't get a call this whole series. I guess NBA execs and officials have the #heat in Vegas
To date it's been Wine Steals or the PL Brew pub...soon, it will be Stone Brewery @ Liberty Station. Complete with bocce. Awesome!!!
no one flirted with me over dm's... im so sad
Got to love the good ol' boy network bs on mad men. Peggy represent the average female in corp.
Plume is a nice Android Twitter client.
wow I made the biggest mistake ever. U dont realize what u have until u throw it away. I really needed him! Hes the reason I smiled :/
True. I was twisting it a bit as a baseball reference. Yes, I'm one of those geeks that takes a glove to baseball games. Lol
I had a long day at the set in CBS. I got out on time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo but that will be later. Now off to sleep! Z
You are always able to see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
Thank you for the RT! Look forward to hearing from you soon! You can check our website out to for info.
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You=]
...my Seattle Mariners just got perfect gamed #fuckme (a perfect game is pitching a whole game with out giving up a walk error or hit)
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved..<U+201D>
i want YOU to be all mine.
rehearsal for what?! I wanna see!
Ready to get your new business off the ground? Hit us up 2day for a quality, professional web presence!
Cool! We are also using UBD. Would love to share units.
Hope all ya'll had a blessed Easter w/your fam & loved ones.
sorry you missed #FoodieandTheBeast at dc - & I ate your Penne Allan Vodka -- fun
I bet he will love that!!
I hate feeling down...
But aren't we supposed to be using rdbi now?
Tobacco is born a gentleman, and in its economic development at each step it acquires titles and honors by reason of its color, it's aroma,
Like like like like! That game makes us feel like we have giant fingers :(
COOL, I guess you don't love me. I understand, I just want YOU happy.
Almost to Heartland Park. Yaee (:
: In the studio doing something completely fresh
Sorry<U+2026>it's a bit off-thread. I got distracted ;) You can check out the conversation later.
Sen. Maj. Lesder Reid is expected to announced agreement for the votes Wed. 3:00 on GOP CR and Dem alt. 3 hours of debate starting at noon
In traffic reasons I never drive downtown
It's amazing how angry I can get in the .5 seconds it takes the car in front of me to realize the light is green.
In Madison, you can get 's MIRACLE BEACH at Booked for Murder or Room Of One's Own if you want to buy from an indie book store
TAYLOR SWIFT "SAFE & SOUND" MUSIC VIDEO FOR HUNGER GAMES?
Today would be a good day for Google's self-driving car.
Brilliant! (Or should I/you/y'all say: "Ta-da!") Thx!
your piece on budget wines for Labor Day is airing today!
how did potato work? That one is curious...
Idk, but there have been more depressing episodes than any with humor.
Pissing on a couch turns out to be a good way to get people to take a walk with you.
The will have a booth again this year.
Marriage is only a social contract for purposes of inheritance. The end.
S/O to for the Post of my Artist - We appreciate the luv, check out the website! #Salute <<<<<
Stop by Firehook Bakery for a great pastry!
What weirdness has been showing up in your life lately?
I'm just a flirt no harm done!
#thisIsTheMoment where I'm missing Him</3 Badly
This is hoooorrrrribleeee.
friendly? You all look like devil worshipping ingrates ready to suck my blood.
Annas Linens - Spring Fever Sale Comforters - Spanish - comforters on sale
haha i told my dad hw to LOLing n he as like o_O haha funny moment there then he LOL with me haha
Casual hookah night
Happy Easter!!
PickUpLine: Can you lick your nipples? [No.] Can I?
Never knew we could be intimidating. I hope your nerves calmed after we got going.
Brrrrrr. It's freezing in Chicago.
Sex and the city and nail polish. Good morning.
Never agreed to that statement just so everyone knows....
My mood in the morning <<
I bet a mil that if is that right mood..I would .....and if it taste good....I would eat it like food......ha. ..was up girl
Cool, man.
We r loving Shomari!!RT : We just gave you Pat Collins ... now #ShomariStone is back on air. Keep those votes coming.
And now I wait. Blah!
Don<U+2019>t get me wrong, I don<U+2019>t mind being there for you. I just mind being the one you run to just because everyone else is busy
The weekend is filling up FAST for remaining Flying Karamazov Brothers shows. Don't forget to creative and bring an item for The Challenge!
I've always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying, " Ain't that the truth. "~~~Quincy Jones
Silly whore, mouths are for food.
it's f-f-f-freezing!
Will you marry me?
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't want Netflix because she doesn't have time to watch what she's watching now.
of course it snows.. I planted roses this weekend..
"And I<U+2019>m so <U+2019>bout it <U+2019>bout it I might roll up in a tank" Think this might be my favorite thing I heard today.
Good morning everyone!! TGif!!.. Have a great race weekend!!!
I feel bad i aint go to house for pictures but the bitch live far
hello Felix, do you do work for hire as well? Please email me to discuss: thanks, Gregor
you and your boy problems! ;)
Gen Y xpressions artwork on zanbeel art facebook
lemme point to the door for u. oops that was my middle finger
someone's going to think you're being serious about that
Once you had the best, Boy you cant do better.
Weight loss tip: chew more to eat less!
Unfortunately, there are no beds in this Terminal.
Goodnight World! Rest well and be blessed!!! Love you all!!!!!!
Thanks for the link! If your users have features they would like to see on our site we would love to hear them!
thanks boss
Bought a Tivo last week at Clackamas, OR location and told 6 mths free of HULU+. Given flyer. HULU says offer expired. Not happy.
Manuel: we make noise to be part of a new system. something that is growing.
Fact: the official, full name of Bangkok won't fit in a tweet.
$5 DVDs are a weakness of mine.
sping cleaning on friday. stoked!?. sorta.
Bumpin that N.E.R.D.
yo dude its future boys drummer!!! haha its timmy.. follow us dude
And there's your winner, 45 seconds later! WTG, Mikko!
he is! I wisb i gotto go to one of his standups, he died right after I cameto the US! :-(
Just wanted to chit chat sometime. No big. Send you a direct later.
If you have 30 min you should drive up Flagstaff Mountain. You need to see that city from above!
Lost two toe nails today thanks to this weekend's back-to-back races. 4th place in the 5k and 16th place in the 10k
Great Stuff happening at 1701 Lounge......
home sweet home
be nice lol
Looking for #ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles drive. Please DM us if you can help! Please RT
Wisconsin's half-court offense vs. Syracuse's zone makes for a heck of a snooze-fest.
hey do Lauren and Reyna need tickets for your graduation?
We try not to. All our travel gets in the way sometimes but we make up for it when we are together :)
Michael May&#39;s Adventureblog: Land of the Lost episode guide
All good names except for Figures. Too vague. Impossible to google search. Brain Heat=fun. Horse Wars=cool. Bohr=grown up
Checking the BET awards show TI and Young Jezzy performance off the chain. Mike Epps hosting busta takes home the first award of the show :)
i am going to bed yay
haha Idc where we go . But like are you guys riding rides?
I went to St. Tim's Middle School in W. Htfd; their gym had a whole series (inc. this one) showing Jesus playing difft sports
just wrote 700 too many words for one essay, and can't even think of 1 word to begin my next. I am, indeed, riding that
We had a great time.
Will try it. Hope it's easier to hike than it is to spell...
I just realized that when I was deep cleaning yesterday, I accidently threw away Briggs' first tooth that he lost. I'm a sad momma :(
Gotta love #TEDx events, so inspiring! And nice to be able to go back to via archives. Look fwd to TEDxRainier
Five years ago today, my entire family saw me walk across the stage to get my college degree. What an adventure since then!
<U+201C>Winning isn't everything, but wanting it is.<U+201D> Arnold Palmer
Keisey makes me feel funny <U+0001F60A>
Diddy we'll be at the Palm rain nightclub May 5 for the Floyd Mayweather fight after party reply for guest list and VIP
You are smart and talented enough for a 4.0 - Don't ever settle! <U+201C>: I wana get a 3.5 this semester<U+201D>
Comcast can suck it!
UP NEXT: The guy who threw the hot dog at Tiger Woods Sunday. Really? 222-6000
So the CIA stopped an underwear bomb. Can't poor Santorum ever get a break?
Wow! Amazon Instant Video on PS3!
obsessive distraction of the day - - love the pete and thepirates one
When I need to a taste of reality, my Bestie Steven is always there to tell it like it is...
thanks for the follow and support Jenn oh heard you about the lobsters checkout
Attractive education destination for Kazakhs
lol does it matter
droppin them now
Cate Blanchett spotted in #DC today walking around Georgetown
Youd think heavens doors have opened.
Someone bring me food.. Now.
you have 3 more years to become friends with them!
": If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries"
Hii , How are you Liam ? <U+2665>
lol welcome to the life ...my sleep schedule too fucked up
a.) i love and will miss helm. b.) shanahan you let detroit, and all decent folks down today. c.) refused tonight. d.) coffee
There is just something about a man that can play an instrument and sing
Wyclef Jean to run for president of Haiti? Why not celebrate with a free trip to Vegas? Http://gotovegasfree.com
Today is Friday ! What are your weekend plans?!
Whatever, you know I love seeing you guys!
"It's time for human trafficking to be eradicated in Atlanta." This is passion that can make a difference. Follow
I WOULD LOVE TO SEND YOU A GIFT PACKKAGE EXCLUSIVELY FROM COMPLETE LENGTH 3135222307, OFFICE 5869352461
Blown away by both Mark and Matt's stories about connecting with grandfathers they never knew--their parents hadn't even known.
I must be a prime target or a virus magnet...tried to watch the Bengals on my laptop and 4 hours later it is still a mess!
Spurs. They are who we thought they were.
Well done iniative: the Republican New Media Caucus () is doing a push to get followers with GOP elected official accts using
Goodmorning everyone! Were having a wonderful day at topnotchescort.net and let us make u happy
23 Lamech said to his wives, "Adah and Zillah, listen, my wives, to me, pay attention to my words;
One small comfort. As I wrote last Tweet, UPS dropped off portable GPS. Should make navigating the Emerald Isle a little easier.
I think I have a new girl friend! But she doesn't know it yet.
And oh, I have stories...
Just watched Everything In Between again. An outstanding doc. If you haven't seen it, check it out. -- great work.
And, I really want to see their shipping container satellite libraries for myself someday!
If your in miami at Mynt or loui look for my bro money mike with the VIP hook up.
I love when graphical problems can be solved with simple transforms on Cartesian coordinates without messy non-Euclidean math.
Have you seen Tony Bennett lately?... He looks and sounds so wonderful. Go out and buy the CD today!
I hate when people be like i dont screw with them , ok that dont make you cool .
#IfWomenDidNotExist, there'd be a lot more pink.
I miss you.. imiss our memories.. imiss everything . </3
and I watching dateline. New obsession.
Playing a free concert tonight in the Berklee Cafeteria! If you're around Boston, come on out!! :) 10pm
Reporting one's own research on social media helps promote one's research and build scholarly connections, which is awesome!
Protip: When running out of work after a long Friday, it's important to stretch first.
Oh dang!
This is my new favorite thing.
I love those moments you wish that time would just stop but everything else kept going.
thanks, paul! i'm coming back to olympia soon!
Hanging out, talking and laughing with friends is the simplest way to be happy!
get mobile!
Fly? what kind of toy did you get I have a helicopter I fly occasionally
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
|_|-++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I'm inside for now, but will catch BNSF Metras at around 4:30. Looking forward to it.
I did work for them back when they were Exploris. Make sure you get the view of Moore Sq park from the Maddona
D-money is funny.
It's the first day of spring. Or as I like to call it, the Return of the Ice Cream Trucks.
I will check out the pictures after
Thanks for the RT! :-D
ready to cop freshness
just do a few instead!
New weight loss plan: Train to be competitive eating champ. Time to channel my inner Black Widow.
Y'all better tell y'all team to take it to the whole and quit shootin them weak a** jumpers!
Thanks for checking in at Wishing you a smooth flight!
Watching South Park's Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes. I am six years late on this but it rules. It totally rules.
Am I the only one who eats pancakes and cookies for dinner? Lol(:
Well I think I should be nice too. How was your Santa Claus and your new year?
The guy who waited on me at Moe's Southwest Grill called me "Buddy" twice. LOVE that! :)
Which baby-faced Hollywood star is the next big thing in horror? announcing an awesome new program at 9am est. Stay tuned!
Thanx for the headache skank at work that showered in cheap perfume, I now prefer your natural BO scent and hairy pits!!
I know :/ *ducks head in shame*
We are all in this together! Long live the "holde Kunst" ("noble art") see/hear Schubert's "An die Musik" ("In how many grey hours"...)
Save all your kisses up, bring on your sweet love, pour it all over me
Talking on here instead of livin life...that's that shit I don't like..
Multitouch gestures for the iPad is very useful. I wish I could do the same on my work PC.
Have fun at NY show.
i luv u
Morning glory
#show I'll contact Sandra schulberg via Linkin a former Detroit Exec. from Lehman Brothers is onboard Watts Writing work shop hum
round trip Wednesday23- that Monday. 450 southwest....is that too much?
Just ordered more for a business thank-you. It's fast becoming my go-to way of saying 'thanks'!
Wow now the Clippers deal fell apart too lmao..
Looking for extra #savings. Use promo code #231031 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until October 31st. Some restrictions
Just had my audition for drill team!! Cross your fingers for me! Thank yall! <3
Twitter I need to take a shower... stop distracting me!!! >.<
how u hate me because im doing what im supposed to be doing?
RT : RT : Why waste everybody's time 'racing for a cure' when is on the job?...
=) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-)
ridin till the wheels fall off
lol me too its fun :D
"I can tell this organization is committed to winning" -Peyton Manning
Dont i know you ?
": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind." Preach girl...preach
besides, in films the bad guys always use Dells.
What kind of color do you want? Lighter or darker?
in proper context Frank I said right now. Just pull up their stats
Love is giving someone your undivided attention.
Two of the most awesome librarians ever! Met Kee at SLA 2009....
Photoshop CS6 offers the possibility of making lens correction for video no different from correcting a single still image...
Nice ass day. Getting off work early and going cliff jumping with some friends
Watching French movies and planning my return to Paris. Paris, je t'aime!!!
Life Is Short........So SMILE While You Still Have Teeth
Ok no car for the next 2 weeks and I need to start a new rotation...SO who lives in Sherman Oaks and is a hot guy w a car?
Very good question--definitely why I ended my "declarative" with a question mark! Lemme follow up...
"You are selling yourself short!" Preach it, Peggy's Mom!
well that call to the #irs was a brief one hour forty-one minutes. only about 90% of the time spent on hold.
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 16:01 with Nike+ GPS.
Keep it proper
What plugins do you fellow producers use on your master channel??
hah no shit. Where you at my boy?
Just watched last nights #BoardwalkEmpire. DAMN! While I love Jimmy, it would have been like Christopher running The Sopranos. Bad idea!
yes I was in the loose as a goose video like <U+0001F483><U+0001F483>
Working on my ninja video editing skillz... Episode 2 is soon to come....
Will I miss writing these English papers one day?
"I'm a lone wolf, Dottie. A Rebel"
A lack of protein in our diet can slow growth, reduce muscle mass, lower immunity, and weaken the heart
Last night was crazy! Our #INTERMIXWEDS was packed and off the chain! and were killin the 1's and 2's!
Butterflies R such beautiful fluttery creatures!! I love seeing them at zoo -- flying all around you. It's pretty magical!!
Organizing actor schedules for "Specimen" photo shoot. Picking up set pieces and props this weekend. Exciting!
The second you're nice to a guy they think it means you want them. Well I don't. At all. Not even close.
aw happy anniversary, you two adorable squirrels you!
That's great! Thanks!
Lol, I need it back!
My life has become a boring pop song, and everyone's singing along.
Hearing more and more about Matt Flynn, the contract he signed and the opportunity at hand makes me feel excellent about 2012.
1ForTheRoad Trivia every Wed. at 7PM, featuring DJ Chowdah. shall we go soon?
thanks for the waving lesson last night ;) ur the best
I have a bone to pick with whoever brought in donuts to the office this morning.
Our Saturday hours will be cut short tomorrow...we'll be closing about 1:30 to go to a photo shoot ! Watch for pictures :)
Thanks for putting an empty box of cereal back in the cabinet. Now I can have disappointment for breakfast. -______-
Yay my bestie is on twitter!! Welcome honey!!
AND he commented on the blog post, too, or at least it LOOKS like he did. And now I feel like the d-bag. But anyway.
uh i hate drama so lets not start it ! :)
My roommate's friend was being a dick, so I hid a frozen chicken wing in his coat pocket.
sounds like the opening scene from some really bad horror film
RT: Its fine, whatevs. I got to spend my whole commute trying not to die by metrobusses gone rogue
Rooting for hon. You are my fave, and have my vote any day. Keep your beautiful spirit shinning. Love u and am proud of u.
Gilly is the worst. Why all the elbow bullshit?
I'd like a refund.
Because of that, I didn't have time to eat breakfast, and I had to stop and get gas, so I got gas station coffee (ick!) and mini donuts. 2/2
I was with and
. Last few guys coming outta GT been pretty damn good!! They seem to be producing big time WR threats
one of the only incentives for me to get out of bed in the morning
In short, education should cater to meet the needs of the individual, not a standarized curriculum.
They R the sentimental favorite! #Jabs :) RT : I'm not even in MN & I know it's all #jabs team,
Sounds like a good time RT Ready and waiting! :)
And I complained about about Cleveland weather??
Yes, you definitely would!
did you see connors prom pictures? WHAT A NUGGET
#youknowyoucanpitch if the other team's coach doesn't like you.
I have never actually had ginger ale or seltzer water, very interested to try the Seagrams flavored seltzer waters!
thanks for the follow. Interesting idea you have here. Lots of success.
GOODNIGHT ALL BACK ON THE GRIND EARLY AGAIN !!!
About to fly to Salt Lake City when surprises me - we're going to see again in June! #stoked :)
you is kind, you is smart, you is important. <U+2665>
It's not my baby. It's not even Asian.
Pussy RT Finally sitting inside a permanent structure with furniture, electricity, running water and AC. Camping can suck it.
POLL QUESTION: what is yer fave moment from any of the "Friday the 13th" movies? Watch yer backs out there, heshers!
was hoping to make it to the IMAC party tonight! Are you going?
Sad to see #18 leaving Indy
Can anyone tell me where i can find "NO MOW" grass seed in the Milwaukee area?
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 7
No Sleep Til Brooklyn? That's what and will be singing in unison on their way to the 2012 Atlantic 10 Tournament
"I had always been a free spirit, and always gotten what I wanted." <U+2013> Rick James, in a 1998 interview with the New York Times
Today I saw an eight grader that looked just like legit, but he had braces. I WAS FANGIRLING ALL DAY.
Thx 4 the follow...Break Legs!
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy... Mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com
Again, what should be a gain of 1 (maybe even a loss), Quizz squirts out to make a 13 yard gain! Slippery little sucker!
sounds like she's wants sarry to be legit haha
Props to our Hope 4 NewYork pals who kept coming like waves to help pack bags Fri nite for our sat AM chinatown-centric food pantry
Bermudez goes down swinging. 1 down in the 3rd.
heyy guys what's up!!
haha, yeah, he was definitely entertaining. It's interesting how much character you can add to your dancing that way
When someone says they need somethin for 30 min and u have to wait 2hrs for it
pretty sure you meant "unforrow"
what happened this time? Lol
I did know about on Twitter, thanks.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
you can file for a emergency unemployment which will extend it for another 3 to 6 months but then that's it.
Drama drama drama smh
Wha! Which part?
Thanks new followers!
hair dresser tip: mix a packet of sweet'n'low in your toner (and bleach) and it will hurt less!
in aspen for the week.
thanks for the shout out!
my bed makes me =) cuddle time with the pup!!!!!!!!! (via ) lady knowz I dont cuddle pffftttt
Yup.. Back in PA.. Still sucks. Yea, good thing I have no choice!
bring back a 'w'
Love Celtic Woman.
Oh that was so much fun that night!!!
haha me too. But...I do remember quite a bit! Thanks for last night!!
Alternative Organics, is now officially 'Jade Monk Beverage Company'
What's the $ale at Stussy LV right now Anna?!
They think the same of me.
So true!! RT : True strength is keeping everything together when everyone expects me to fall apart.
For additional training information and/or training appointments/reservations please contact Keli Andrea directly at: 317.284.1299 ext 303
the person that invented peanut butter filled pretzels is my new hero.
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER : D
Great day skiing, grilled steaks for dinner and now enjoying sitting in front of a fire. Good times
Check the ice cream flavors: PB Banana Buster, Dark Chocolate Cherry, Butter Pecan, Blue Moon, Birthday Cake...
Help I'm watching another GOP debate.
Think It's a good idea for me to be decked out in gear at the Rockies game Sunday? Well #idgafff #ThinkBlue (;
I wonder if Peyton looks at last year's Broncos film & at this year's draft & thinks: "Really?! They drafted a QB? No help 4 me. Oops."
As long as humans continue to be the ruthless destroyer of other beings, we will never know health or peace
ap world project = done. everything else = still sitting there.
Without me, it's just aweso.
found it. I appreciate wat y'all are doing. Means a lot to me
One Week until the Chicago Zine Fest!
I'm locked out my freaking house . How great -_-
My Dream has ALWAYS been SU .. but the ATL has been on my heart for awhile !!!
And yes,we made our own Gyro meat for the Gyro burger! Anyone know any Greek zombies to name the burger?
hahahah tink really need to lay off roman's word cause he made them up lmao
rt my link bro. Where u from I'll bro
Just terribly taught Cramer's rule in discrete math with awful sinus cold... bah! Got a sub for the rest of the day.
Hello Buzz, I enjoy Reading your Sports Columns at "The Daily Beast" Online? I liked "Is the NFL Too Violent" Column!
Velvet Tango Room was wonderful yesterday. Think it's a little pricey? Go there on weekdays between 4:30-7 for happy hour prices - $5 off.
Cloning of humans will never be allowed in the US until it is proven to be safe and that is expected to be years from now.
What is the best guide book that you have bought about WDW?
Anyone know a FileMaker guy in Phoenix?
Add spacial searching to library catalog - great idea.
I saw it!
oh no!
She is controlling.
Please send all awesome cover letter writing vibes my way. I'm starting to veer toward "I do stuff, please hire me. "
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Take time to count all your blessings.
Just cast my votes in the ALA election! Have you voted yet? You have 'til the end of next week!
In the meantime I'm having an extended conversation about #GooglePlus -- over on FB. Oh the irony...
When you decide to argue with a fool all of a sudden there are two fools in the room instead of one.
Herbert Hoover~ About the time we think we can make ends meet somebody moves the ends.
Waiting for anouncement is about to drive me crazy!!!!!
should be time stamped if you want to skip. No plot talk, but themes are mentioned.
you just blew my mind RT : Exactly. Rachet used to be a rabbi. Oh and Decepticons are Catholic, by the way.
Right! Forgot about that. Hope he does. Interesting guy- met him at Pacific Conf annual meeting few years back.
Ok only 2 episodes left for True Blood... Who do you think is going to die on the season finale???
heyy. I wish I saw you
Great call on Carmelos! May have to make our way down there ourselves ;)
There's always room for JLo.
Can't wait to get 43 and head north
SleepIssues (Issue 13 "Sane Sleep") has gone to print. Downloads available next month.
Just did a fun standup for Joy at CTV.ca in dc bureau for use later tonight. Getting ready for my 6:30 live shot now.
#ColdplayOnIdol; paradise. how can you not like this song? <3
cool well i am a Iconiac soo ill tell my friends about it ill help out :D
great performance as the watermelon man on cant hardly wait
Thanks for the follow Great to learn about you from www.lauragainor.com.
u play soccer?? Lol I didn't know tht :) well GOOd LuCK :)))
When tragedy befalls you, don't let it drag you down. Love can cure your problems. You're so lucky I'm around
The Movie Sense officially gives #MidnightInParis the Red Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Wow, sounds like a great trip. Learn anything that would make a good story topic?
just want to get on calendar...my schedule is insane!!!
Love #finecraft posts of Great way to learn
Shame on barbara Walters! Mimi Alford def needs to tell her story. The truth is never backseat to lies. Walters is the new puff or queen
Unfortunately have to take off in a few minutes. Have a noon flight. Chance you're close by?
hope you found em...
- I'm sure your Mom is great and all the things you say. My mom is as well. But she didn't get to choose. She HAD to work, too.
All strippers have a broken iPhone screen.
he has a point though. :)
Unexpected perk - Adam made me my favorite sickie dish - soft boiled egg and torn-up buttered toast mixed up in a bowl.
awesome! Thanks - yes I think a blog post is in order. Have a great weekend!
Tune into 91.7FM tonight to hear songs by and . Love to for helping spread the music!
no we didn't :( we just stopped for the ice cream haha
Enjoyed the exhibit of Hans Haacke's work, which ties art to the social, economic and political
Off to the #LATFOB! I'll be selling awesome books all day and accepting donations of foot massages, caffeine, and good conversation...
The market manipulators won't let the markets be down for long. They are already getting leverage and stopping the declines.
Eye injury. Basketball
No one talk to me.
Coach Izzo, I've always really liked you, but you need to STFU when it comes to UK.
(AP) -- Army drops all charges against 5th soldier it had accused of murdering 3 Afghan civilians
I thought putting workout clothes on would make me workout. Now I am just sitting on the couch in workout clothes....
I can't hold a conversation with a boring person, if the convo isn't poppin' , I'm not replying.
how are some of the ways you're promoting QR codes? Interesting organization!
Or was made out of cookies...or maybe not...that might attract an infestation of bugs... Smells like cookies would be better.
I think "Did you just not floss, did they come out all at once, was it gradual..." but I nvr ask those questions. We just talk abt politics.
Took long enough
The awkward moment when you're staring at someone cute and they look right back at you.
watchin RED TAILS
<U+201C>: The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything. They just make the best of everything. [Jayaram]<U+201D> Love this!
Yung KING mixtape WE DO THIS coming June 21
= #ABestFriend we are one!
#AHA2011 NEH Officers will be available to answer q's about grant programs and opportunities all week. Look for the NEH Table!
Do you wish there was a holiday to excuse your all-day partying and debaucherous lifestyle? Tomorrow's your dream day. 9 AM start
loving the fact that BLINK-182 IS BACK!!!!
Committed to delivering an exciting new way to make music!
Singing is the best. Valentine's Day is not. Clearly you missed my fridge note!
arissa, pretty name. i'm ada.. ;) u r really popular on twitter i think. ;)
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you<U+2019>re talking to yourself.
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Where - why - do you have to move?
man! Imma be on the road but if I can get back in time I'll def meetup!
On a 9-hour trip to IL for my sister's baby shower. We made it to Woodbury before my 2 yo niece announced she needed to go potty
Kevin Gilbride is a genius with those two play calls.
Please explain, not understanding your post
Perfect weather
My son's baby tooth fell out today...
I am employed again! A month of being fun-employed is over
I wish I was in Hawaii with you guys!
The last 6 people I saw walk up to the buffet just prevented me from getting seconds.
This tweet and you are amazing RT : Just a casual afternoon in district 12
When I see a big piece of styrofoam with compartments, I'm reminded of the days when that would've made a sweet base for a GI Joe war.
<U+201D>Pay attention to the whispers so we won<U+2019>t have to listen to the screams.<U+201D>~Cherokee Proverb
It isn't where you came from, its where you're going that counts. - Ella Fitzgerald
haha O. jeez
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod & The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
What an excellent morning, Lisa! Way to start the month.
well I hope that cured your boredom even if it was minimal
- Did she just unlock the door & pop in & find you naked & having sex on the floor in the living room ? ... #kuwth ...
yeah, they were really nice (:
"Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone." Ha! Good Friday Folks! Voodoo
My forever alone complex kicked it. Eating ramen alone.
All citizens need to be registered to vote in November. If you haven't yet please do so. Encourage everyone to get registered now.
<U+201C>: Here's a tip: put a pinch of sage in your boots, and all day long a spicy scent is your reward.<U+201D> << This.
I tell myself something along those lines every time I'm too deep in a project.
Melissa Leo liked her camp shirt so much that she had it bedazzled into a dress!
Chicago vs Boston ..... Thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar.....Idk yet tho
Replacing a unibrow with a flat top. Boom.
s/o to mrs. For coming through and helping us in worship at this morning thanks for the info
Come audition for ur shot
Good morning Cherie!! Stopping by to wish you a great week. Take care, and best wishes always.
Finna go to the movies aint got nothing else better to do
are you going to teen hoot?!
Twitter world we are at the last day of February, lets push each other even harder to make this year even better. March on!
Beautiful! Thanks :D
where? When?
I just missed and twitcam .... by a half hour .... NO! I hate timezones :(
it's sunny in buffalo love <U+2600>
RT : REMINDER: Tomorrow is FREE COMIC BOOK DAY! Come by bright 'n' early. I'll have some Thin Mints for folks (while supplies last.)
this white girl and that girl anija
Tonight: The Walkmen and New Pornographers concert for Wil's bachelor party. Better than stripping women grinding jaundice into his lap.
<U+201C>: Four popes have died while participating in sexual acts.<U+201D>
#AskAlexConstancio are you and the crew coming to Austin soon?! :)
why the celtics don't take Blatche? i think he is a great player...
Ok send a PDF to desirablemag.com/submission
Enough. I need to visit and read ' blog. Happy Easter.
Lots of tablets and cell phones recording Jesse Jackson's sermon at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church in Eatonville.
On Pandora and about to surf some internet. lls
ok... important question... America needs to know, what is Gary's daily caffeine intake?
Make it about ME for '12!
Resting up for what can only be a pivotal next year. That and soldering like a fool. Bring it, 2012. Me and the flux pen are ready.
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings |
Hey how are you??(: I Love You!<3
Heard Nikita is renewed so happy about it. Hope we see you on it next season. Miss you!
There's a sophomore in my algebra 2 advanced class playing with tamagachis
BO. haha what grade are you & your sister in?
Isn't it?! I loved it there. Take some pics for me!
go to sleep
that was one helluva hit !!
but that's the same sugar that's in an apple or any other fruit or vegetable basically.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Im Good Just sitting around on the computer for now. What made you so Exhausted?
Seen at her work. Kinda weird seeing people you know outside school. Or just certain people I guess
DUNES n zines
I wanna find my peaceful zone. I kno my money zone. I kno my party zone. But that's temporary highs. Searching for true fulfillment.
Thanks, your little man is stylin with that hairdo .So cute !
I'm def. down
Nope, this is Chad! But Miami is gonna be sick for sure...Glad you're in!
Insert long, frustrated ihavetobemiserableatworktomorrowwhyarentitired zombie groan.
ok great , dm me your info when you can and ill send my info
whoo wants to know what i look like if you do tweet me :D
Finding good silly sarcastic conversation>>>
I voted for Ryan Braun today as a nominee for Lt. Governor.
Careful ladies. Fat people only want to get into your pantries.
I can make you fall in love with me again :)
What a nice Spring day.
when all you wanted was to be wanted
I'm expecting a phone call tomorrow
Listening sales conf, THE CAGE by Gordon Weiss strikes me as a profoundly necessary book. Can't wait to read
OMG I want a T-shirt.
maybe?! Haha I was near there snapping pics for Hope you have fun!!
anyone a member of a Y in Charlotte? I may sign up today and I can use you as a referral if you want a month free :)
Schedule rest so that you're able to focus. Find flow in the chaos.
visit me this Sunday, July 10th at my open house: 3651holboro.com
Things should be back to normal now. Let us know if you have any more problems.
I finished my backup of 180GB yesterday. decides to charge me over three times as much today. Great.
you say you fresh, I say #shutyodumbassup you bout as fresh as spoiled meat.
Ah! Will try to make it! What time are you crazy kids going?
Individual mandate in sweeping health care bill constitutional, federal appeals court says
Good Stuff! Running builds confidence,my belief.
Merry Christmas to you all. Keep warm.
This day of baseball is so ridiculous.
'I don't need you, I don't need this, but I want it all the same.' <3
you 2 should itd be cool. Is it awkward if u sit by eachother or something
Thank you for the RT, Kalin! Have an awesome week ahead!
Some man at work shook my hand and I told me that I did a great job at presenting.
My nephew is inside building in Pgh where shooting occurred. He is safe on upper floor. Bldg remains on lock down.
Well back to Jason Campbell for the #Raiders with Bruce Gradkowski now done for the season.
Thanks for including Gene! Nice article.
I met him 4 years ago today and he still remembers exactly what I was wearing :)
Who loves the weekend? This guy! #heatison Anyone down at #Ultra? You gotta love
No strike out Alex
THOSE WERE THE DAYS in seminar with orange face
Awesome training today Civic Leadership Conference. Gained a whole lot of knowledge and wisdom. Kudos to CY training-OLI/MB.
So how did the tasting go?
Which of you is the SOA fan
Avengers is officially one of the best big-budget movies I've seen. Ever.
No one has claimed the Laptop Monster yet! 1st person to with proof of their ticket purchase gets him. He's cute and soft.
It's snowing
that last tweet was 4 u
no, the next step is using taxpayer money for improvements.
Wake up 1245 m'f'in afternoon
fair enough
If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
I've never seen it, and feel morally superior because of such. And, yes, that GTD training included biting sarcasm.
Our hearts and prayers goes out to those that have been affected by Hurricane Irene!
Dinner...Hm
Are you covering training camp today?
Up eating Morgan tripping he'll I'm sleep oh well what Morgan wants Morgan gets I can't wait til my baby girl get here
Uh it's snowing?
Any progress on the Stokes Friendly scarves?
Mention me
like...you're a TV company. Make better TV.
NICE You tell him
Kony 2012. Everyone please retweet this and spread the word. Do it for the kids.
Thank you for joining us!
your tweet helped RT : I love when #AmericanU graduation becomes a trending topic in #DC each year. Congrats to the #2012AUGrad s
My phone doesn't have the best reception at the moment, but yes, email me.
I almost bought it the other day but I was shocked at how expensive it is! Poor PR student discount please
So jealous of you!
Today we honor the continued struggle for equality & the work done by civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Matt Reynolds, OT BYU
hiya ! i have a question for you guys! how did you guys find me on twitter? (not like is bad or anything) :)
If we stand together we will be UNBROKEN <3
lol! I keep it real
New topic - Initial EM-5 impressions from long time Olympus user
lol how was it an was it a gay club?
RT : #thatcamp Question for fellow campers: has digital "work" more affected your teaching or your research?
i added you. ^_^
We gone make it.
America is a land of wonders, in which everything is in constant motion and every change seems an improvement. No natural bounda
feel the shame of the auto-tweet! Now everyone thinks you're one of those "proud runners"--and I know that must be KILLING you.
Ha, last time you just moved it to another room. RT : Too lazy to take down my Christmas tree in my room #don'tjudge haha
RT : My guy at just told me that the world is my rental oyster.
Hey Kelsye thanks for follow, there are a few Seattleites on here.
I may disagree with outcome, but won't proclaim moral superiority over more than a million voters. But you go right ahead
The Vatic Project: Well, well, the Bilderbergs are coming to see the ...
"Take my jar of hearts & smash it to the ground"
Breaking! Codigo Cube #CodigoCube has been updated with 1758 new questions!!!! This makes a great
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "cigma lehsl". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
Still In Love With You omg this song was amazing well still is <3
Finally back home I'm tired af
D-Fence,D-Fence RT W/the 52nd overall pick in the 2nd rd the Titans select N. Carolina linebacker Zach Brown.
<U+201C>: Listening to "Way Back (The Conflict)" by The Super Happy Fun Club! #nowplaying <U+201D> thank you!!
Thank YOU for such amazing lip balm! RT :<U+201C>: So happy you like our lip balm. Love the photo!<U+201D>
Hunter Hayes on replay <3
Hey! Welcome to the photo group ;) Where are you from?
Patiently waiting really pays off! #sohappy :)
At McDonalds chillin wit black ppl
Coffeeshop tablemate can't type her emails without speaking the words aloud. I thought people like her existed only in movies.
maybe you didn't picture the kiss.
Bored silly ....
Most keep a listing of companies offering industry-specific services.
Not a problem. You have a great site!
i just did bey! pleez follow me! o and can u give me sum advice on bein a singer?
Some say the glass if half full some say the glass is half empty I say u gunna drink alla tht?
#SMTips: Open a savings account. Many Americans don<U+2019>t put enough savings away for the rainy day. Do you have enough to live on for 6-12mo?
love your avi, there is nothing better than being a dad.
I'm as big a Bucks fan as anyone. But when the playoffs last 12 weeks and the Bucks are never in them, it's fun to have a team
Perfume commercials
Im not gonna make austin feel bad about him moving.I am actually so happy for him that he gets to do what he loves. Im going to support him.
Get on my lap and dance.
so u hard cuz u goin to atlanta
Or be a cheerleader. Really don't want to though done been a cheerleader in elementary all to high school.
Does she?
my phone doesnt wanna turn on :(
In traffic and loving it, thx
"And now I won't vacuum my house alone" - Emma Hill
Thanks for sharing Gwydion's video, Gohar! Glad you enjoyed it. Keep the music coming!!
how the staff went about getting rid of him... Not the students and alumni
Reached out to Rob on Facebook. Thanks for getting back with me, Ned!
Idk what im going to do when my Jindo dies. It's gonna be tough to handle.
Sometimes I really hate #glee bc they take songs that i loved and noone knew and now everyone knows them
Abraham Lincoln said: "The people know their rights, and they are never slow to assert and maintain them, when they are invaded."
Officially addicted to lost.
Morning! When you get a chance can you please leave on our A Youthful Soul, Inc. FB info on your company
Outside by childish gambino... I can relate
Missing my Grandfather on his first birthday not with us. Always remembered.
Thank you for retweeting!
"I let my haters be my motivators" #JCPenney says no to bullying.. always a strong person ellen.
You're welcome.
Do you offer pre-diabetes classes?
A little bit stronger <3
I'm keeping very well thanks. How about you Mr?
A #Butler win could have changed the basketball landscape. College Presidents, coachs & recruits would have had a new POV.
Thank you!!
awesome! So happy you enjoyed it!
To fix the blank screen for the WatchESPN App, the user must sign into myESPN. It is under settings, I love ESPN!!!
I don't read. Movie!
The new Gmail = as universally hated by customers as New Coke was in 1985, except Google refuses to switch back to the classic formula
"I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money." -David Lee Roth
I was hoping for a Starbucks card for Teacher Appreciation week but I got something almost better Famous Daves!!
Who is behind this account? I'd love to ask you a few questions.
Working on your #JazzFest schedule yet? Don't miss Cindy Scott on the 1st Fri & & the Underdawgs on the 1st Sat!
Battier looks like he really wants to win a championship
Dependence on oil is fueling our enemies both oil and $$$
Yeah,,,,,,no longer friends
his little scheme of bringing all the social issues up to distract people from the real issue of the failing economy
oh good. 20 minutes I can handle. A few hours just seems weird. thanks.
Marry Me <U+2665>
Don't want no paper gangsta!
I beat every level in Angry Birds...WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN CLASS NOW?!
Beautiful Morning TikiDolls! Looking forward to an extremely productive day. Remember, there's never a dull moment in fashion!
Not tweeting these days.
Because if you don't have an iPhone, then you don't have an iPhone
- I'm here! I just follow so many damn people that the people I actually know get lost in the shuffle.
Tonights theme for our Hospitality Party is &quot;Hustler Wear&quot;. Buy 2 get one of equal or lesser value at Hustler Hollywood!wheeeee
I've been listening to a lot of rap lately
Time for a swim!
hahaha you are highly unattractive.
its fucking 12:43am & my ass is awake listening to Disney music. D'fuck's wrong with me.
Wow. He had enough of Ovechkin, or Semin, or what? Bye Dale, we hardly knew ye
I don't even know what I did wrong...
What you up to?
Thanks for the shout out!
We have now won our fifth straight Texas Pick 3 game by playing 20 Lotto Sorcerer and 20 Lottery Circle picks every game. Costly but works.
Wed grammar to content: simple things should be said simply, and complex things should be said with complexity.
Did you notice my new icon? What do you think?
It's amazing how quickly I sometimes go from content to cranky.
RT : iQ now syncs with user's Facebook & Twitter accounts auto locating & recommending those connections on the iQ platform
You too!
wow how much of the arts are you in??? Like my mom sai to me when I was younger," son you got gifts.
I'm going home today. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!! Gonna have some fun with my Go-Go heads.
hey yes please! Back in Miami on 21st, possibly that week works for you both?
Welcome our two newest clients: A Luxury Watch Brand and A Green Boys Clothing Line!! How can we create Business Prosperity for YOU!?! We a<U+2026>
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new warm gear and goodluck on the glacier hike!
it worked on Molly <U+201C>: Got a clicker at a sales training today from Will use to train my dog later #pleasework<U+201D>
they need attention too!
The fear of losing trumps the excitement of victory for so many people. No one wants to lose and deal w/ rejection.
isn't that ironic:)
they are sent out in May!
Today is my birthday finna have fun <U+0001F370><U+0001F389><U+0001F451>
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
Thank you, Sir. Hope you're doing well.
My pet peeve, also! Take a breath, people! Slow down and pause between the groupings! (212 PAUSE 555 PAUSE 5555!)
what were people thinking - I mean seriously voting Jessica in the bottom 3? Thanks to Steven, Jessica & Randy for listening!
NBA Knit Hats >>>
I bet my direct message is in there somewhere. ;D
I want to be like Dog the bounty hunter when I grow up. I love his hair, fancy shirts unbuttoned to his belly button and tough love approach
Thanks to the awesome native american writers who are participating in our workshop sponsored by #FOX #FINAL DRAFT
Speechless! you f'n stud! Congrats brother! Back to Boston!
Got in a sack race. Didnt win. Gosh im tired!!!
Good morning guys. Just had an awful week but thankful for being who I am. Everything happens for a reason :)
Forest? Never heard of them.
Any recommendations on good open source map render front end besides Leaflet or OpenLayers?
I think its time to get back into these little stories i have in my head whenever music plays(:
Listening to music, texting, changing avi pics, youtube and everything else is keeping me from this paper. I will learn one of these days.
#Chicago is covered in fog today, and it looks super creepy
I think I'm free tomorrow and sunday. You gonna watch the #Pacquiao fight wit us?
Beverages will be flowing thanks to Stone Brewing Co., 12 Signs Wine, Honest Tea, Solar Rain, SOL Market, Craft & Commerce and DiningOutSD.
You just focus on getting well, k? We'll be here when you get around to it. <3 u!!
so precious
Hey Whaen are you coming to #VEGAS? luv ya
who is that?
RT : Don't take the things God does for you for granted. Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
Close my eyes and move to the back of my mind, where worries are washed out to sea.
Oh yeah, brother. 24/7/365. I live it! The only thing that keeps me sane
A GROWN FOLK'S EVENT!PURE ROMANCE PARTY DEC.11TH 6525 WALZEM RD. 21 & UP B.Y.O.B HAVE FUN PLAYING GAMES AND CHECK OUT THE ADULT TOYS!!
It's a really bad idea for me to be studying more than a day in advance. I think I'll stop now.
speech/language tx=art & science discover new ways to improve communication >connections+quality of life++;D
that awckward momment when in your last tweet you ment fucking but it autocorret changed it to tucking
Don't talk my tweets wrong, its only comedy!! Dumbie!! hahaha
Fresh out the shower !
I need to buy a Galaxy S2 for da low... Wassup?
Uhh. I must not be dorking enough? "New NO in Jedi?" No comprende :(
I'm sorry I had to be the one to tell you. :(
RT in the building!!!
Bitch you get no love(:
Tha people yew love tha most can play two sides ov tha fence too...
I know, I am full of excellent advice. Oh BTW, you owe me an update of life. Email me. xox
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change. -Golnik Eric.
hey, ladies! Who can I reach out to discuss a marketing partnership between Birchbox & ? Thanks!
Thanks much! We're really only scratching the surface on social media's application for business
Last event at the PRC of 2011 is Site Night from 6-8pm TONIGHT. Come share your #photography #website and learn how others designed theirs.
Well thank you :D
Right!!! I knew it was bogus!
RT : A6: brussels sprouts, bacon, raisins, carrots, green onions, sesame oil .
you gonna be playing at is8 this coming weekend??
"GirlSpeaking: When people make fun of girls being pregnant. You don't fucking know their story, stop acting like you do. -_-" ily kenzie<3
It reads: "Move semantics in C++11, meanwhile, lead to higher performance" Figured good update to our own Biggest Changes in C++11
otherwise they ask what i thought and a long critical rant begins and then they glare :P
*So excited about passion Party's Holiday Deals*Tweetors and Tweetets you are have 2 check these deals out for yourself
Imma need to come back to Detroit soon!!!
Well-played. RT Girl behind me in line is wearing a shirt that says "Peeta I loaf you"
Control room. Jungle. Big bugs.
First period of WI turkey season started today and I'm already done. Not a giant but decent size bird. Fresh gobbler ready to cook!
I'm getting ready to tape an Ah-mazing #AmericasNow show...think 30 minutes of Latin passion--dance, wine and a workplace with NO rules!
CONGRATS GIRL!!! LOVE YOU SO MUCH. YOU GUYS DESERVED IT!
if i work by myself il cry....
What's the difference between a mephistophelean bargain and a faustian bargain? Nothing?
": I love the way you lie... JK, lie to me again & I<U+2019>ll throw a chair at your face."
We'll see you at the screening tonight!
well "the belltown pub" is better than just any 'ol Belltown pub, so that seems good.
<U+00AB> #MiddleSchoolMemories meeting at the bus stop!!<U+00BB> Hell yea lol
Hi i m new in twitter...i need followers....will u plz follow me....n u r really beautiful n i wil b glad if u follow me...
I wonder in next election, a new presidental candidate will emerge from Got influence and donation backing!
With my bitcchhhh
Do you love me because I am beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me? ---Oscar Hammerstein II In Cinderella.
Lose an hour weekend. Bummer.
First day off and only spent 20 minutes on the couch watching TV. Being unemployed is busy work. And those 20 minutes were The Chew. Ugh...
..your "dreaming" if u think ur better at math than an A<U+E50B><U+E33E><U+E321>N.....BAZINGA
JB CAN sing but his voice truly pisses me off. And so does his music. Sorry. Just because you like him doesn't mean he's good.
Killer show last night guys!
Thanks for the follow! Did you know most #chiropractors are using outdated methods? Come learn more at our #PDX office in NW!
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it." -- Jonathan Winters, Comedian
9.11 A day to remember that Love has the power to erase fear. Love On!
Figure out what value you can add this weekend, not what you can take. Be a person of service and it will come back 10 fold. -Zach Marcy
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished? - Rumi
At least that had better be an April Fools!!
Son: can i get money for new game ? Dad : you know son in my days.... Son : JUST SAY NO.
So I'm trying an experiment. No caffeine today. It's almost noon and the headache is kicking in. Stomach is doing better, though.
One of the worse things you could ever say to a woman is... "your pad is gay and I hope you leek through your shit!" Lol
whoa are u really
GO LIONS
- brilliant at the New York Times Small Biz Summit discussing social media and biz growth
Lol all of your are the same. I can't stand any of you.
I'm going this afternoon. You gonna do it??
I try to really draw out my words to sound even more Ahhhmerrican. It's weird to hear guys say "lovely" all the time tho
<U+201C>: I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was i supposed to do?<U+201D>
lmao. Smh... We can't be friends now. *puts head down. Lmao
I WANNA TALK TO ALL I GET IS "BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP"
using excel to process clustering algorithms on a 100,000 node network is almost always a bad idea ;)
#LoveSchoology? Share what you like most about #Schoology by tweeting your favorite feature and using the hashtag
Style ain't everything. It's who's wearing it too
One day that wall's gonna crack and fall.
Of course! Why didn't I think of that?!
have an awesome time my man
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
It's been on and off here in Clarksville. I had to park my car in the lower level of the garage due to lack of power.
#iDONTSUPPORT People who dont support me!
Will do later, watching the game now. RT Call me maybe
NyQuil during the day makes one feel stoned and stuffy... Go Giants!
So I <U+2665> ... that is all :] also can't wait for the new victorious episode tonight #excited !!!!! <U+2665>
Don't know what you had for breakfast? We had yummy huli huli chicken breakfast burritos with mango salsa on the buffet at Kai!
Meek Mill #LoveHim .
I Heard That Nominated For 4 Grammys #Is That A #TrueStatement Fa'Shooooo She Gone Win At Least 3 Fa'Shoooo Go Head Baby
yeah. I don't even have words... Now no one will care about Indiana anymore. We had such a good run...
Why does mama aardvark call her husband a cannibal?Because he ate his ant for dinner!
I understand you have a headache, but who said anything about messing with your head?
lol hey chick how was your trip did u have fun
What I love about it is how it is the most immediate action you can take to spread the word about your business!
They shouldn't have caused the Indigenous genocide MT "We should have picked our own cotton!" -idiot racist comment on article
Met a really hott guy tonight, we engaged in convo and found we had a lot in common then he pulled out a cig..
I don't want to set the world on fire, I just want to watch you fucking burn.
21 Jump Street!!
Liz truly loves her fans. Every single one of you supporting her. she loves you. <3
omg girl i luv the way u think
Like Duncan Oughton as a color commentator.
They say nigga- I been noing them since dey nose was running!! Shitd! Not me! I say dey was"Young Swag" now I say SwaggD OUT!
Richard Belzer rocks
Just booked NCIS: Los Angeles - auditioned ON my birthday this past Friday so what a nice gift!
haha and harry you know the most about it so im sure u corrected him. Lol <3
Michael, where are you looking to purchase a house? I may be able to help you out. Let me know!
?I am in control of some things. I can choose. My next moment can be meaningful or it can be wasted.? ? Rock Christopher
You mean it's not??
Hello, friends and acquaintances and completely random followers. Life is crazy. I'll be around again eventually. Maybe. Sort of.
Congrats bubba!!!!! Me and dad are proud of you!
What was your favorite part of the King Tut exhibit?
#Baylor over !? No. Freakin'. Way. Put 'em away #Duke, and let's see & #VCU do their thing!!!
"Don't follow the crowd: Follow your Dream!" - Tony Dungy speaker at Kaplan Graduation.
and you are mine <3
Saw it on a website promoting a car show. There's like 100 of these kids staring at this chick while she dances. Corpus Christi.
That is totally what I thought!
RT : #FreeRondo is becoming a thing. Neat, but he deserves a suspension.
It's not gossiping it's fact finding!
had a blast last night, thanks to all for coming out and thanks to for being super awesome to our group!
It is cold in LA! Good thing we are heading to the desert an not staying on the coast!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. ~Maori Proverb
And my other best friend reginahh!!<3
how's tomorrow? (:
Your values come from deep inside you. Spend the time necessary to discover them. Hold fast to them; honor them by your actions.
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
True love is when you both bust your bottoms to ensure the household is taken care of but find time for each other still!
I would never Unfollow you Nicholas!
what a privilege that America can embrace freedom no matter what we believe and our God is unchanging in His greatness and love.
Last night to get $20 tickets for Mother's Day Event 5/10/12 Tickets! Only $25 at door. Don't miss it!
thanks for clearing that up for me it saved me alot of heartache trying to find a new word for thrice i have a very limited vocab
ugh!!! Pugh and I are in Detroit and you are all the way in TX!!!!! Hah
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Sure, you can email me at
On the way to deerfield beach
Way too much mascara and way too much glitter nail polish. Plus a bow on my head. Ready to do Busan right.
No they certainly are not. They haven't been the same since Holtz left. My question is always (cont)
We want to marry you!
the girl who was kidnapped and kept for 18 years
Tonight KLUSOZ NIGHTCLUB THE OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS SOUNDS MY PARTYBOYDJZ DJ KENZO
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. Lao Tzu Go and grow!
going out in fell's tonight. wouldn't be the first time I drank in a bar full of Japanese Navy sailors.
Thank You For The Retweet!
I cant stand this bitch...
RT : Yall make fun of bosh but despreately need that nigga. Heat lookin like chicago
#askObama Ans 12: Tax code changes: eliminate jet loop holes, oil drilling subs, tax rates back to Clinton rates for millionaires
Whats up man!
I said the same thing it was hard to follow, once the fight between samurai and army blood and swords it was worth 3 of 5 *s
Great Post Tami..
Homemade ginger beer and jamming out!
Blueberry Breakfast Cake for Attune Foods
Dill pickles 4 lyfe. Bread and butter pickles are for the dogs.
I'm choosing the Minneapolis showing, thank you. Very much looking forward to the event.
Its cold... I dont know whether to go with Pants or Skirt... I bet Master Chief never had these problems...
<U+201C>: BIEBER!!! <U+201D> no longer follows you.
#doNOTbother talking to me if u dislike Ariana Grande cuz u will get slapped :)
Shame, a molecular gastronomy lunch would have been good.
Thanks for the follow!
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day! Hope you are all enjoying the day with your families.
hey iwas nice today !!!
Thanks for your tweets from 's "Millennials Mean Business" presentation at !
look ma no hands
Single and don't care about mingling? Head over to just down the street from us for great Tequila Tuesday specials
What?? RT ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU SPEAK IT?
U SET HEAD TO A BROWN BOY U SKET OMG
does he sleep with the tv on or something?
gymnastics soon ,
hello mr. krinkle
Trying out Eric at wireaudiorepair.com for an amp fix. Seems like a really good guy!
how are you people? =)
Prosper in Open Source
there you go ! i like your spirit
Change of plans: Open gym Monday night 6-7:30 in the dome.
I wish I saw your tweet earlier. I've been stuck for 30 minutes on torrey pines road.
Use today to discover something about yourself that you never knew before..something that has nothing to do with your body!
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
<U+201C>: I never have any motivation to get up for my history class.<U+201D> sounds like and myself haha
Listening to give presentation on appropriate social media use at #Fulbright PDO.
Nightshift by the Commodores
#WhatIReallyMeantWas I wish I had purchased Apple Stock when Forest Gump told me to do so.
Good Morning to you.. Its a nice day out here.
According to Leclerc, people who publish online without running their work past an editor are "brave souls indeed."
no.i died....lol.i saw you driving your car today! you were pullin into the ETSU parkin lot. i honked at and yelled at ya! :'(
bleh. just cleaned for 2 hours xP
haha soo true!! Except you are too beautiful to ever look ugly!! I miss you!
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundred memories, all for one person <3
RIP Big Man....The sax that made me love music
(Oh Stephen King, I love ya, man.)
Damn we got some jealous bitches in here lmao
Me watching melo play defense is like tipper gore watching ichi the killer
But in hindsight it was so heavily influenced by Devon Townsend that I might as well just listen to fucking Devin Townsend.
Thanks for coming out to see us!
I think so too - what companies are you expecting the biggest moves from?
But it's alright because I love the way you lie... Love the way you lie...
Thanks! I'm so glad you like it! Finding the right products takes time. Believe me, I know. I'm sure you will figure it out! :)
I just uploaded some new fantastic jewelry! www.dirtyslaundry.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING/DELIVERY IN RENO!
still fighting for you
<U+201C>: Sometimes just listening to Tame Impala makes me feel high." They're amazing, can't wait for the new album!
Now I think I figured out how to merge them together post on multi pages at the same time
Of course I will share them with all of you!
Im getting shit done today c: yes
Happy 4th man! Hope u enjoying life as usual...Take care
Oh, that's so good.
Any of you switch to #Drupal 7 for its built-in #RDF support yet?
no no, it's Saturday t'sup yo?! :D
Oh, I so wish! I had to leave this morning & am now back in Chicago for client meeting & to-dos. Have so much fun!!
Good Morning Gang and Happy Mommy's Day
camera take over:cheese,smile,laugh,shout,jump,run singer: what the hell who is the singer just kiding guys
Gregory Bateson, 1970: "My motto is 'divide in order that you may not be conquered.'"
:K love!
Ah man.....the new Kellz. It lacks both the uplifting qualities of "Happy People" and the raunch from something like "Double Up".
probably won't tweet 10pEDT often; seems so dern late back east. Personally? I'm a night owl, its fine (better?) for me ..
Your fucking drama smells of implosion.... <U+E10B><U+E113><U+E421>
Madison police say they will assist inside Capitol if asked, but would only remove ppl on Chief's order for public safety reasons
When it comes to #landscaping, create the steps you wish to take and prioritize them according to your desires
Special Prosecutor: GET TO THE POINT!
So, basically, the next 36 hours are gonna be a shitstorm of rain and snow. Great. Welcome back Spring.
Tobias was a nevernude, which means exactly how it sounds
I dont even see my promo on your blog..
Obviously, i like the way you think
was disappointing tonight. #buzzbeachball Bush stole the show, for sure.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
love the tie is wearing with his white/cream colored coat.
I wish for austin 2 be bigger than jb coz his voice is epic <U+2665> wen ppl say they love him Ill be like I was here first kid !xx<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Songs I'm unsick of: Rolling In The Deep. No judging.
I was quite pleasantly surprised:) you did a fantastic job putting that together!
": I hate the nerds that cover up their answers. Like come on, let's work together bro."
Cracks me up that people buzz about social media as a new discipline. To us, it's just a new channel to communicate strategic PR messages.
Santa baby, eat the rest of my cookies, please. Gotta live long so I don't push up daisies. Hurry 'cause I'm eyeing Christmas candies!
We sell laptop batteries at highly reduced values. Consumers need a trustworthy, competitive US based alternate to OEM's.
Thanks so much!
....Lauren, Lauren, Lauren..........SMH. YOU HAD YOURSELF A RICK PERRY MOMENT.....
Goodell & Ingram handshake was sick!
thanks for the heads up! we'll get on it!
Seladore hits the stage again tonight at Bombshell's Tavern in Edgewater. We go on around 8:30 I believe! Come rock out!
then where!?
Oh good choice!
I feel like my resume should include "talented and generous baker" so that employers know that they receive benefits with my employment.
when stands behind me while I'm in goal & tells me what to do >>>>>
You have a radio show? Is it syndicated nationally or can I stream it online?
I could go for a sensual full body massage right about now
Branding some extraordinary online deals for our client's franchises -because deals make customers, business, and the economy happy.
#Objectivity is dead.
me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well
Heading to the Dancing with the Stars after party with and for his birthday. #LAsFinest baby!
From John Care: "You will never "find" time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.<U+201D> Charles Bruxton , English philanthropist.
What is up with white people in Chicago exactly?
Just saw some guy in my neighborhood on a motorized skateboard with a seat. I think it was
I have enough funding to have you killed another 342 times. Maybe we should just have lunch instead...
You better be careful, mister.
u wasn't alive when they had tim hardaway and chris mullin or a few years ago they beat dallas in the playoffs?
that's a sorry sorry person! R u ok?
Rain has stopped the sun is out, drop in for some patio specials: $3 glass of select wines, cheese & crackers $7.99, big case discounts!
I'll take one of those air guitars for sure. Let me know when you do it. So I can make room in my collection.
If your not down with FMG here is a special message for you. <U+256D><U+2229><U+256E><U+FF08><U+FE36><U+FE3F><U+FE36><U+FF09><U+256D><U+2229><U+256E>
New Tom Waits ftw.
Why thank you sir!!!! The otter pun was ESPECIALLY fantastic! ;)
u guys r so good and I listen 2 ur music but then my turn tabls break
No! But its wack to take a slampiece on a date. You NEVER know round here!! ": Is it wack to take girls on dates now? I'm confused."
bout to hit ur phone
thanks :) i had surgery on my other foot about 5 yrs. ago, so i've pretty much fallen right back into the 'recovery routine!'
Thank you everyone who attended and presented at #litaforum 2011. Keep an eye out for the evaluation email and see you next year!
CHICKENS on the agenda in El Cajon. Cluck cluck!
Welcome followers!
.... countdown to the unveiling
God guide me through this journey of difficult times bcuz I know u will never give up on your own child!
" Q: What does the "science" in "library & information science" mean? How would you define it?" | Applying method to the madness.
Not seeing it, but I am on my iPhone. Will check it on my computer later!
I'm very tired and my left wrist hurts really bad<U+E403>
Any recommendations for a good book publicist?
New York. But thats just mine. They are in my friends Asks calling me an asshole.
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway.
UK to ban displays of cigarettes, tobacco in shops: All shops in England will be banned from openly displaying
Vegas tweeps- I'm thinking of abandoning my cable service and geting satellite or another service. What do you use alternatively? Thanks!
LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark just a block from the zoo has an excellent lunch menu and a wonderful atmosphere. Check us out!
I need you for the June Santo party.I have the hair and nails covered,need your skills for the outfit and makeup!
I don't think it was a coincidence!
frank sinatra and coffee <3
Read an E Book Week starts March 4. Good deals to be had!
Puma Apparel Women's Performance Cat Tank Top
now I'm good lol I went too HAM last night.
read about ball players showing less effort then they used to..or do we just put them on a pedistal- can't they have an off day @ work too?
I.LOVE.YOU. <3
Entrepreneurial Lesson #12: Want to get your project off the ground? Get your ass out of your chair!
- I was just thinking about you this morning, so I sent you a facebook friend request. I hope you don't mind. :)
#MayweatherCotto does 1.5M buys for $94 million. Impressive! But keep in mind this is 1 of 4 fights #boxing fans will buy all yr.
LS: Jefferson had an Enlightenment vision, but it was a limited one.
Teachers' union considers legal challenge over free school assessments - The Guardian
Shouldn't you all be entertaining me? Or, alternatively, fucking me?
ur a weird dude did u know that but if ur not weird ur normal and normal is BORING ily <3
56.9% of #engineering graduates in full time employment just 6 months after graduating, compared to 53.1% of all grads. Hard work pays off!!
Sure u want your team to win, but just as, if not more important, is ragging on that UofL/UK fan you hate at work, etc..
Watching #Boredtodeath waiting for carpet cleaners just got to the one with Mary Steenburgen was right she's def a #cougar!
What?? dis me? OMG!
Newsletter: Citywide Home Values and Sales Increase In Second Quarter <U+2013> Reported by Real Estate Board of New York
lmfao im exaggerating about the single for life part but yeah i was since ever since i was born lolol
life is just a stage
Black Mamba bout to eat some kung pao for dinna!
#ThingsImThankfulFor is my family and mindless behavior
good and you sir?
was it hard? Lol
You won't believe this, but I just figured out why they named a record store, Licorice Pizza lol.
scores in the first half and holds on for a 1-0 win. Hall makes many great saves in the last minutes. Go Orange!
I want I want!! RT Got our hands on a few signed copies of The Stranger's Child by Alan Hollinghurst. Time for a giveaway!
how long ya stayin
Tom, thanks for the follow. So I gotta ask brother, how do you know you're the 3rd oldest person on Twitter? ;)
why kind of?
hard to say since the MLB doesn't disclose the exact test they use. See for best explanation we have for now.
Donna's pretty amazing with crochet needles. You have got to see her upcycled bags and repurposed homemade gifts.
We set out to make #CouncilDistrictsMaps selection an #openprocess. Encourage Detroiters to attend final mtg at 7pm.
God is, by definition, an extraterrestrial.
A light rain at the #SBVillage, but nobody seems to care.
APPRECIATE THAT EXCLUSIVE COPY OF THAT MIXTAPE HOMIE THAT HOE JAMMIN BRO!
Ah, Liverpool I see! I didn't make it out there when I lived in London for a short time. I've always regretted it. :(
#FF hot ass bitches
Thanks! I passed your portfolio to our project leader :)
I'm sure he'd join you. He's a very friendly guy. But he's at work!
Happy birffday! :D
What if we call them 'micro-cabbages' instead?
Found another photo of Read's Drug Store in #PealeBCLM. It's nitrate so I'm scanning it then moving it to Freezer Storage.
because now I can enjoy beautiful downtown Milwaukee and dinner at Buck Bradley's
remember when I kicked in church?!
that's true
heheheeh, are you riding in zz morning?
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
I want sum subway nd shrimp..nd mayb a corn dog wit sum lemonade
I think that same guy was at Fado a couple of weeks ago. The Irish bartenders were having a field day laughing at him.
Downtown #Indy is Close to Perfect because where else can you eat, spend time on the canal, shop, go to a game, and enjoy yourself!
We're excited to announce that we'll be playing Reggies Music Joint in Chicago Sunday, March 18th at 8:45PM (2105 S State St.) More TBA
Really intrigued to see
MANE THE THAT TUPAC HOLAGRAM LOOK TO REAL .........I LOOK AT THAT JUNT TWICE
I'm rapping
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOO!!!!!!! (: GATORS. ALL THE DAMN WAY. GET DOWN BAMA
Future is the truth.
On my hustle this morning gota get it !
Stop in for a sandwich while you're on the north side cheerin' on the
Whenever somebody talks about "simpler times," they usually mean a time when medicine sucked and everyone was crazy racist.
ive been yelling YOLO all day for no reason!
I need to get back in the gym
hello liam :) how are you today?
Great movie!
me too. well, anytime really. also applies to apple juice.
<U+201C>Chicago is one city. We shall work as one people for our common good and our common goals.<U+201D> - Harold Washington
true. This mix is called Collections & Connections and each song has to have a direct relationship with the next in some way.
Basically, Jim and I want to be him. May end up that way one day. Snakeskin boots aren't that far from "Chicken Drafts"
Hey i just met u and this is crazy so heres my fist n ill punch her crazy :)
In need of a car! If you have any info our what ever plz let me know! Thanks!
Please welcome nofacenocase42 to the Max life
Settling Somewhere single? Superbreeia.
John Mayer is on ellen (:
When you come back from doing something and theres 162 new tweets..O.o
The opposite of success is not failure; it's mediocrity. Failure is actually part of the process of success.
Thank you for introducing me to the black keys... They are bonerrific
That backseat doe (;
Does the XQuery Mediator of the ESB support XQuery Full Text? I'd love to handle messages based on tokens (vs. strings).
"I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian."
Viewer puts raw video of the moments after the Kenosha house explosion on wisn.com click on the story and go down to comments
S/o to for tackling the tough stories. Great read about blasphemy of the Holy Spirit on the site.
SCREW SCHOOL
I<U+FFFD>d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down
I miss you!
don't mock soccer. It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill. Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
Moving My Room To The Basement :D I'm So Excited!! It's So Much Work Though! I'm Exhausted
Wishing I were at the IA Summit. Not a fan of Phoenix after having lived there, but the past 2 Summits were good! Where will it be in 2011?
That's what I figured. Plus if I get off track or need to take it slow, it won't kill me :)
~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)
Only if my dreams were reality, my life would be successful.
Isn't it interesting how #Obama chooses to beg a women's college for the commencement speech? God, has this man any shame?
Don't put your lips up to my mouth & tell me you can't stay.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles-The Player, Psycho and Liar, Liar!
"The Show" Directed By: Cynthia Graner "Los Gritones" * Directed by: Roberto Perez Toledo "SaE" Directed By: Christopher Oroza
congrats on being named first team all-american kind, gentle, secretly #beastMODEallDAY sir
Already sick of it
you got it lol you guys are hilarious!!!
I wonder how many black people can actually resite the 10 commandments. ............. Still waiting
Kelly clarkson got some lungs on her. Almost put me in tears.
I hear you! Good luck and keep kicking a$$.
I am comtemplating staying up all night and then coming home and sleeping when I get off work. Because I really cant sleep.
Listening to in the car. <U+0001F61C>
Rush Hour 2 <U+E412>
lol aye i feel u on that one
Tried to go from the pool to the buffet and the Wynn security told me I gotta put my pants back on.
Thinking that I could use more fresh flowers around the house
"You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down."<U+2014> Ray Bradbury: American author - great quote 4 today esp.
Okay let me know when your in town.
silver Duncans Spurs are in town.. Go Spurs go
#IDidntTextYouBack because you're asking fifty questions that has NOTHING to do with me, you, or what we're talking about.
alright sounds good
ah C: its so cute;P
what about me asshole
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SHIPWRECK" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Maybe they were doing a practice run to make sure all Super Bowl planning activities go smoothly next week.
Ah i love my bestfriend<3
Thank you!! Loved your book...btw!!!
I love my DVR! I'm taping Bobbi Kristina's interview, army wives and RHOA.
thanks for the RT!
Wow! Just tried this submission to our What's Your Austin's Pizza contest: Fresh made pico, motzz, jack cheddar, & chicken. Lordamighty.
These cardiac Cowboys are for real! Now finish this.
Thankfully English 1101 is a required course for all RATs.
Gopinath: Shah's "Hinterland Structures" is an alternative archiving of queer diasporic modes of dwelling & creating habitability
My mom is late to work everyday and she live 2 blocks from her work! lol she kills me!
MY MOUTH BURNS!!!! I just tried an extremely hot serrano pepper!!!!!! Hehe.
Serb/Croation division brought up over deleting FB comments? Really?
"Tell me who's doing something bad." - Me, to every person
do you really?
W-Limo launches it's newest promotional campaign "Stab The Cab" to encourage YOU to swap a dodgy cab for a luxury sedan service 847-655-2559
ellie douglass xx I'm in year 8 an I think u are too x u were wif patsy mulhern xx ur on the other side of the year too mee xx
": just being real #CHICAGO is my life and my city" I feel the same way. Follow back
All you #YOLO ass muffuggas don't even know wtf that shit means.. Do your research people! there's nothing (cool) about that shit
Whoa. RIP Davy Jones. People said he monkeyed around, but he was too busy singin<U+2019> to put anybody down.
Working on story for 11..#Milton Police looking for a woman they say took her preschool age child with her to shoplift from an area Target.
My ankle jeans rant/conundrum is going to be the death of me. Should I overcome my hate & get them & roll up? Or get regular ones? SIGH.
Help us, help the American Red Cross! DJ Michaels, Big Mack, & Myself are @ Parena Bread in the Broadmoor Shopping Center. Donate! Donate!
when I have a son he gone have a cute ass name :)
oops...what's your psn? x)
Yes!! I wave back to you We miss you!
Sweet! cc - RT : found the location: Space World park
Try saying #adultswimshop.com fast three times
Riggins in a loin cloth, ok!
U tell em man
As in, I am a higher ed admin student but I get the feeling that most of what I do is student services-related.
And boom goes the dynamite
go for it! It was nice meeting u at the #sxtxsw session!
That shouldn't be a shock she didnt want u 2 beat her up lol
"Are you out of your Vulcan mind<U+203D>"
thanks boo :)
Great people do not dwell on the fears they face, they act in spite of it. In everything you do have a choice. Choose to exercise it.
Gorgeous weather for enjoying a nice dinner on the patio of an Italian bistro.
Didn't we drink the Maibock a few weeks ago?
i hope you meant S Cats, Cats, Cats! #can'twinscrippsspellingbee
it's news to the casual fan, not the die-hards.
Hey Hey Hey!!!!
listening to npr over itunes. cool.
Chillin' in Bozeman, MTizzle. Montana State University is pretty sweet... Quite a few heads in MT
Who are the Pens free agents???
They say everything happens for a reason. They forget to mention that everything also always happens all at once!
who are u telling!
when ever there is a Major league rehab the minor league stadium becomes a mad house, not to mention he god awful to watch
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet?! :)
working on out innovating them right now.
snow was my enemy today. The stupid white stuff decided to fall only during the morning commute in Cincinnati this morning. Fun. ;)
There 2 Chainz Tweets Are Funny
Aw, you two talked again? :)
tell them Tim tebow supports president Obama
Awesome! I'm so jealous you get to see Paranormal Activity!! Let me know what you think of it
Amen to that
You take the bourbon, I'll take the red wine.
hi how are you? i love you so much <U+2665>
Your very welcome! Keep up the great branding! If you ever have questions about billboards or bus shelters I'd be happy to help :-)
Exit row seat with no one in my row. Take that first class.
Well, you ARE a superstar :)
I would be remiss if I did.
Is there a charge for Art Alive and what time is it?
Had dream last night that you were going down an escalator that led to an amazing Camaro which u drove away in. STRANGE.
sorry I just got home, we had a game at NTCC
no..the sun will be out...and so will I.
cute! Good to see you together!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't express yourself without music :/
Gearing up to discuss "Who You Are Online" at TIE!
My heart big, but it beat quiet...
"basketball wife" is my new look
So this weekend looks promising
please follow so I can coordinate prizing from #spookley party with you. Thanks!
#NowPlaying The WHOLE CD. x
Snl so far really good
Smelling like hot dogs as you go to sign up for a 5k: Embarrassing? It's gotta be
Well u have an amazing voice Izabelle and guess what??
seeking volunteers to help at the door for #BASHH on Thursday - great way to meet people! let us know if you're interested!! (pls RT)
Thank You Joan is trending WORLDWIDE! <U+2665>
let me clarify; we r chilling with my pet kangaroo Ralphie, who wears a suit of Velcro and jumps onto fabric walls :) xo
I know. LOL Thanks!
ah sorry Ken! If you texted in the last week I've been out of the country. I'll be back on Tuesday though. finally free wifi
Can't wait to see if can compete with Miami <U+0001F60F>
Off to the mall for some retail therapy, christmas edition: because I feel less guilty about spending money when I spend it on someone else
Today 1969: Father Groppi leads several thousand welfare rights supporters into the Assembly Chamber protesting cuts in living allowances
shawty you a ten...minus 9 but you not the 1 for me
#bestbreakupexcuses I died
what is the business?
Will be logged in skype for you ...
Michael symon? Omg! I am sad to see him go..
Is RIM going to launch their Colt QNX this year? Their next phones had better be significant or they'll slide off the hill
Locked yourself out? Indianapolis Best Way Lock n Key Locksmiths provide an emergency service.
Vikings draft NC State LB, Cal DE in 7th round - Sacramento Bee
We're in the process of moving our office, so there may be slight delays w/ orders & message response 4 a few days. Thanks 4 your patience!
Just listened to. #SAYSOMETHIN 3'times this Morning by the end of the day ima know that song !!!<U+0001F60A><U+0001F60A><U+2764><U+2764>
haha got it
": ": #WilWheatonSausageFest really needs to be trending." #bigbangtheory" LOL watching right now!
When I ROLL UP!!!!
<U+201C>: The first sentence in your novel is so important. #querytip<U+201D> Yes. And I will write it last.
Such an interesting idea: placing tech interns with parl as a way of promoting internal expertise .... used in Croatia
That was actually me...RT : Got to high five one of 'em. Made my hand sparkle. Ew.
VERY under-prepared. I am keeping in mind that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Submission deadline for SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 13 is Friday, August 13, 2010. Send queries to wptATeightstonepressDOTcom!
still workin out the kinks, I reckon...
Amazing rehearsal last night with new singer Whitney Coleman. Crawfish Boil all day #cinqodemayo 18th & Church
Jus got 2 harlem. Feeling better already. (:
alright. i believe you.
Hey Chris! I saw 's Community Manager job listing & came right to Twitter. Is there a better contact to reach you?
Opera dinner tonight on stage! Loving it! I will be surrounded by the set of Barber of Seville and serenaded by an opera singer:)
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach' - Voice & Data Online
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills." I'm also seeing lots of people raise their sails leave.
just posted video of the march with all sharpton you can see me in the front at about the 30 second mark
which Rao sauce?
No matter how big your dream may be, GO FOR IT. Don't let anyone or anything get in your path!
VeroKNEEcun, NAOMI, Steve called 2 have YISD cancel that YARBROUGH BRIDGE meeting but I have tht Aaron BarRAZA on my tail & couldn't call 2
thank you! Lets go Aussie Babyy
Cherry all day. I don't even want to know what kind of crap they're printing on those banana ones.
Congrats! How do mummies celebrate?
This week needs to be over
is Wil still part of ive been trying to contact him about the gruesome death of tommy pistol.
lets go!
Quote of the day: "Give me a place to stand and I can move the world."- Archimedes
Countdown to May StrEATS is on! Finish what you're doing and get down here for the music, food and fun.
omg I want drinking
Red Sox should probably just put Youkilis down. He's disintegrating. Youk would make a great platoon DH for some other team.
Take advantage of this beautiful weather and get our eat cheap week specials for takeout!
Matt from Weezer/Rentals has a twitter now. we suggest you follow him. the original Sassmaster
same here
: Regret is a bitch to live with. Don't do it to yourself. Live the life u want. Start now.
First few days of class was fun! I'm going to love learning Japanese!!
Having lunch at South Point next to Micheal Gaughan, maybe he'll pick up the check.
concert is in the books. Next up this week: on Monday, on Friday, and 's #XFest on Saturday!!
We love knowing what our fans are up to! Come on down and fulfill your craving
i think i've seen 42 cops today. what is happening.
Celebrate the first snow of the season and stop in for a nice, hot drink! Show this to your barista for 25% off any drink of your choice!
ohmygod, I've been able to download Chrome to my work machine this whole time!
has a lot of work to do after work today; plannin' my 26th Birthday Bash & workin' on gettin' another job! lol Here we go!!! lol
thinks the world of free ice cream
So guess what ?!
A cat food commercial made me cry..in my defense, they used a stinking marriage proposal and it threw me off.
Mad Men time.
Good practice today. Only a couple herpdederp moments at shortstop. Good swings.
doing "The Last 5 Years" tonight and tomorrow night! it's now one of my favorite shows...great music!
RT I think you can make $ improving hc or by maintaining status quo. should call out the latter
Not that anybody cares, but I have nothing nice to wear to work then go straight to dinner w/o looking like a haggered grump
I wanna cookie. Yes, that's a feeling ^_^
Who knew that is from Rochester? #worldcupfinal Via Her brothers bar must be going wild!
@#HowToSurviveAHorroMovie Don't be black, having sex, or blonde.
oh I know. is having major issues about it right now. The game is everywhere in Westport EXCEPT the Beaumont.
With 9% unemployment, Obama 100% backs 50% of a pipeline that gets 0% of oil to the gulf.
Thanks to and the lovely Mavris for one of my fav nights in Indy
thanks for your follow
can you please go back to your moms uterus omg
already there, girl.
Haha! If it's anything like Quarantine, I'll be sleeping with all of my lights on after I see it.
I love some trivia
thank you<U+2665>
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies on my timeline, and a special shout-out to my #TwitterlessMom, who taught me to be strong & proud.
congrats to our 1st 10 followers for following us. We are giving them each 1 free night @ our Midtown West apt. in the heart of NYC!
The top remashed song on Mashup Is M.I.A. - Paper Plane. What's your favorite song?
Not the only one. Penn's branch of has helped West Philly kids succeed on the SATs for years.
yotes = some of the top young talent in the league, how else could they make playoffs 2 yrs in a row with no-names?
don't hate. It's twitter. Don't judge my creativeness :)
silly bananas!
Jimmy HAM <U+201C>: Suggestions? RT Jimmy Graham needs a good nickname<U+201D>
So exhausted from practice :P
...did he just say "libary"?
Get tips for Easter decorating, recipes and more at the #HolidayHQ Twitter party tonite at 8PM EST.
nah I didnt.. I see how it is tho.. Niggas
damaged my samsung cell, trying out he htc hero. So far so good! After watching their recent press conference I'm interested in the mini!
Finally seeing the descendants!
I was wondering what was in it, looks like grapes or raisins? I am a vegan but I'm not sure I'd touch that! lol
Will do!
today was funny as hell kmsl
go team!
I tweet DM, in the BM, you see 'em, the bucket, you love it Motherfuckers on my dick, suck it
Fridays always seem more boring than normal weekdays
Reading Romeo & Juliet -.-
Tonight, I bought my wedding shirt/tie, played guitar for 2 hours, and found my missing Royals hat. I am punching the sky so hard right now.
Any suggestions for companies that handle estate sales in #Indy. (Northside)
well hes lucky lol. But how much are those tixs behind home plate?
What is up with the sound on Big Bang Theory?
Great game for the #spurs tonight. Keep yall updated next game!
i thought it was hard
Awesome! RT : join us for our 1st #bealeader chat May 3rd 7pmET Confidence Matters is our topic w/host
Damn. Missed our cue. That last one scared the hell out of me.
Phillies win and the #sixers just tied it up.
Nice job.
I'm at in Burbank at 8pm!
I know and I need to suck on those titties x).Queen Curly. PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY AND PRINCESS SCARLET CURLY. IF THERE WAS ONE
I'm with her right now!! We're having fun! I wish you were here! Nashville trip soon! :)
yo wat u doing tomorrow so i can go to yo apts.
you her cousin? tell Celeste "I love her " :) and can she follow me ?
FACT! Thank god for them and hot Robbie
good thanks. can i get ur opinion on something?
"...our everyday social practices render the world publicly available and mutually intelligible." - L. Suchman, Human-Machine Interaction
Off to the bunk for my final!!
ok ma I got you ;)
#wherecamptb2012 getting some hot coffee for #Unconference today, starting at 10am.
what does the Fyf in your name mean?
This new Norah record is pretty sick. Different vibe
me obviously ! i love you
If you ever need some perspective on how wonderful your life is, go spend a little time at a large urban homeless shelter.
"Thats why I stopped wearing underwear on dates." - Samantha my Hero (SATC)
For real. I dropped some mixes off for you and - have fun w Badu tonight!
I hate that. I never sign up.
Analog Candle Symphony
Upgrading to iOS5 at 3 in the morning seems to keep my phone from running into problems
mitchell, you have no idea. you really don't. i mean no offense<U+2014>but ask retired nflers (even "healthy" ones) what it's like
Ah sweet Sunday
amen jpp ill be rooting for u guys big time tonight.... lets go gmennnn
Saturday/Sunday 20% off everything in the store!
How was you're Thanksgiving?
Even Though I Feel Like Caca, I Wanna Wish Everyone A Good Morning! <U+0001F60A><U+2600>
next home game tomorrow Feb. 4 against Orlando!
I wouldn't bring gay marriage up to this SCOTUS.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly" - RFK
If only my entire life could play out to the score of THREE COLORS: RED
Great point about Elway firing his 1st arena league coach. I thought about that the other day too & your post gave more details
Our market just started 20 minutes ago in Sherman Oaks! Please stop by and check out our amazing vendors!
I LOVE "We Are Conquerors"! London 2012 Olympics? 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil?
Hahaha. Yeah I am! Leaving soon. Save me a couple spots if possible!
thanks lina. I do now! looks great! RT Do you know about ?
OMG! My Nieces BF. Have to know context to understand. She is like family .......... I'm embarrassed.
Where tf do all these people come from ??smh...
RT : We put the libations into the librarians! Hope you enjoyed #txla12 we did! thank's for your wonderful hospitality!
Got my drank on RT : Killing bottles of wine with a few girls, no glasses, pass the bottle. Haha
just tried it last week it was very good & cheap!!
If you hadn't pointed your scars out I probably never would've noticed. You look great in all the stuff you try on 4 your Tweeps.
Just made her super secret and delicious chicken marsala. Jealous?
def wouldnt sell welbeck just been fuckin up a lot lately. I do like him but his haircuts wank
DHS has an "Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties" W.T.F.? Oh, they've made a Facebook page and want you to LIKE them. Double WTF.
Jefferson 48 Toledo 39 with 6 mins to go in the game.
Will fuck for OutsideLands ticket(s).
If you wanna follow back, tweet me now cuz I cant follow all of you, too lazy so tweet me! :D
Nigga I will smoke your ass.lol
Anyone have advice regarding Vizio TVs? Yay or nay?
Good morning <U+0001F601>
countdown to vinny's ustream...3 minutes to go.
I love Austin Carter Mahone <U+2665>
yes, responding with love is good advice. Do you have a tween?
Q:What do you do with percussionists that lose one of their drumsticks? A: Stick them up front of the group and tell them to wave their arms
We're excited you're excited to follow. :) We hope you can participate at some point.
This conference call is less painful with #xoom in hand. Ty ! =)
oh u got jokes!
your welcome <3!! oh i love your icon :D
Going to the monet races woo hoo
we are glad to have you at Reshape. We welcome anyone wanting to make huge changes in their lives, you can do it! ~RTN
oh so you I followed me... That's cool I guess Ahahah
Sure you didn't misread the door sign?
That figures. Thanks for catching it.
Hey guys, is your contact sheet broken? I've been getting an error message from it for about 24 hours.
I hope I still have fingernails left by then.
Intense game and a little respect for the Cats in the Pac 10. They looked great on national tv.
Rough loss Saturday night. Getting ready for the last two games of the season vs. Dayton. We are at the Ice Center Saturday for senior night
But of course!
wow that's amazing. I'm going to be working her on my iPod all day tomorrow.
Yay Thx! RT : thanks! happy Monday to you as well!
Are the "Bears tweets" suppose to make me feel better knowing we have the 29th worse o-line? Pfffft. Bring on Patriots season for me :)
This is very, very cool news! I shared the FB post as well. I hope the project is successful!
most beautiful goal ever? we make a good combo haha
At $99, #AppleTV offers the most value for your money of any #apple product...ever. If you don't have one, get one. Trust me.
It's just amazing to me that people don't see that; it's the opposite of a race to the bottom (is there a cliche for that?)
it must go next to the R. Leaf jersey in the man cave.
wow.....that's deep!
There was nothing better than watching "Louie" and all of a sudden seeing you appear. Effing awesome! Great job.
It will be posted after kickoff so you will know what the play is before it goes final.
#FollowFriday Don't follow me, follow He'll agree with you more about films & tv. I'll just say you're a horrible person!!
Got 1981 Radio Shack Model 100 from storage, added 4 AAs - booted instantly! Ran flawlessly for years.
I Cant Wait Till Summer I Aiint Gone Neva Stay Or Be Etd Home
I heard Julia V makes an awesome cupcake
A+Research: Where Do I Start? Presentation @ Thompson Apr 11, 2-3pm room 150B Learn steps to a successful research project!
That's exactly why I did that.. I feel honored.
It's my birthday. :-)
What the fuck happened to ricky ross.
yep, I like them! Good looking out!
I cannawt wait for this Christmas! Christmas in New York City, with only Issac as a guardian, hosted by moi!
Shower, the Heather's, pictures. PROM TONIGHT! Six Flags tomorrow. :) This weekend is going to be great!
#Germany Can have vices & be a good general. Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/kindle
he's tall. He got an adorable accent. His personality is amazing. I didn't mention any names but we all know Liam popped into your head ;)
Thank You, God loves you
Pretty crazy right now! Gas outages in various parts of town.
As I get older, I have much less time for drama. Life is way too short and full of worthwhile things to do.
I'm watching a construction worker walk on a beam of one of the buildings going up. Crazy. Not my kind of balance beam.
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
haha will do.
#OWIF: It's cold on this raft. I'll huddle under the fish to keep warm.
easy bra, a wins a win.
On the road! Headed to Disneyland with the kids!
<U+201C>Your relationship with God is more important than anything because you know for sure that's a relationship that will last forever.<U+201D>
Thanks for following! Look forward to reading your posts about
Just got home from the grizz game and just hanging out. Go grizz a nice win.
You've just given me my new Twitter blurb!
Firealarm going off at lincoln park wholefoods...and im sitting in my car on the roof!
o. Are they ok??
Yep. Super moon = super day.
Give us a scoop on SUPERMAN/Lois! Will we see them together in the future? What about future Lois with future Clark? Pls ask! :)
You may get tons of what you want very soon or just go to a higher elevation.
Not true. They also do the "bring it" face expression.
so jealous!
:D Welcome
Headed back to church
This dude is killing this song (and not in a good way)
let's do it bezzies!
hahahah why am I just now seeing this? :)
Q: Are there any programs that you can talk about that we'll be seeing in upcoming seasons?
Getting ready while Maddy's napping. Today should be fun! :)
I KEEP MISSING you at equinox. I swear... sounds like Ojai was amazing! Hugs.
Boarding plane to Havana. Will be back Saturday..Cheers.
about to go on a 2 week fitness spree, cause i wanna look good for the summer.
: RT sunsetstrip317 is the place to be this weekend Indy!! VIP upstairs!!!!
Thanks for the #FF! :)
I didn't think things would come to a head so quickly for Paterno and Spanier They are both toast.
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform of 2006 was a extensive bill promoting major immigration reform
Pick-A-Boo! :D
I got me a Valentine
awh <3 i cant stay away from my prince <3
yeah totally dude. Are you going to the show?
Ignore my text one shame on you, ignore me twice shame on me. Lolzz <U+270C>
did u miss me ?
And how'd you do?
good move
Preciate the SO. Stay locked for all the discounts!
thanks jen! I will be at a conference then, I think, but look forward to hearing how it goes. Best- gh
who r u
Officially a sophomore in college!!
Rest easy, landlord. Your personal information is kept private with our 'For Rent' signs. Sleep in and check your email in the morning.
Haha, did you guys find a place?
Follow me please? all of my friends love you and your awesome love you!!! 143<3 Help out a fellow Canadian :P
Cool concept.
Pansy Plants Are Now In Bloom At Strange's Garden Center
Please don't :(
I miss playing music on my record player. Poor thing is collecting dust.
Lmao @"something" - I agree! :) RT : Awesome stuff! Sapp having to do something to make cash... hope #Cubs GM is not joking..
love you man.
I love a thick ass redbone..just that got errythang together like a dream woman right there!! lol
RT : The average Lilith client is a single, 25-y/o #mom of two in her first trimester.
Friends! THE THIN MINT BLAST STILL LIVES! But not for much longer! Stop on by and celebrate the last few weeks of school!
Thanks, Sarah! Glad you like them. Appreciate the comments!
58 min before #xfactor. Please show my unbelievable, extraordinary singing!
I'm bout to get apartment and get hella referrals and get a gwap and move back to momma crib lol
thanks! That will be awesome!
People take a stand!!! They are already cheating in ward7 election.
If tebow wins the superbowl the illumanati is out there heavy
Symposium Chair and University of Texas at #Austin Professor Calmon Alves is opening up
I really enjoyed ur Mariah Carey artwork. The video was greatwork.
Thankful for your Mom's homemade pie. Have a great holiday!
Ain't stressing about a damn thing
nigga live can't wait till he hit miami
It might not be worth it
giiit it girl
/ Hey there... Your BUZhunt game stats are displayed below the game card panel. You've been BUZd by 6 targets so far!
Santa has been getting a lot of requests for for YMCA gift cards this year. Be sure to stop by your local Y and grab yours today!
wat it dew g??
He's not here today. ...
#LAWind damage any of your outdoor sculpture? Tweet us your questions or contact #artservicesguild member for assistance
am on some shit really doe
Beautiful Day Here in Miami!!! Heading to work!!!
pay the lord be with us <U+0001F64F><U+0001F64C>
Have a great night everyone DMV tomorrow I would hate to wait in that Line,, call me for an appointment 702-882-6007
"I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids"
thanks birky. Miss my bp partner
I want to make people smile:)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 2
Sweet thanks, I'll check it out!
Rest in Peace Sherwood Schwartz
Hey Singing Bee fans: I'm doing a live Q&A on the Bee's Facebook page tomorrow at 3pm central. Come join and ask me anything!
u wrk today?
lol the only time I don't text you back is if you talking bout LEBRON <U+0001F61C>
what's going on in Vegas?
Really enjoying California
Use #ThankaTeacher for National Teacher Appreciation Day! Such a rocking hashtag. How about a shoutout to your parents?
how are you doin that while layin down? Lol.
#MyResolution is boring so here's a (nonviable at the moment) one: Finally move to San Fran.
I love the rain, I really do <U+0001F60A><U+2764><U+2614>
Only days left to win $250 credit. To enter, tweet the scariest place you've been and include
So what if I follow most of my followers? They are my fans right? My teammates don't have as many fans as me. They are just jealous.
and your my one and only<3
where and what time?
locked in!
RT : today has been great ....couple big name new clients hit me up today! word of mouth and flyer dropping is working wonders!
Enjoying teaching people to stab each other today. Getting busier with summer approaching.
You must be pretty important. lol
You are awesome, okay ;)
John L Smith the interim Arkansas FB coach? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Leaving your windows down while it's raining <
been using Image Alpha for a week now and the compression is ridiculously awesome. 40% avg reduction.
Spotify, I used to love you. But now j hate you and I will never pay you dollars ever again.
I'm seriously thinking of becoming a monk - I have all the right qualifications - bald head, brown bathrobe & haven't had a BJ in 12 months
I will not rest until I ride for Nike 6.0 and Fiend Bmx, my two favorite brands.
#damndjs coming back hard????
I needed u at work today! Super busy u know were the best at drive thru:)
I don't fuckin smoke if they askin
Have client who needs designers who know ins and outs of Editable PDFs with Variable Data. If it's you DM me for more info.
<U+201C> No power is strong enough to be lasting if it labors under the weight of fear.<U+201D> --Cicero
I'm Hispanic :o I'm fluent in espa<U+00F1>ol. :p
i'll just watch big bang theory.
Justin Krol pinned Becky Sobczak to Silly Gooses on Pinterest.
it says forbidden to me
OK, thanks!
Lmbo!! This scared me and made me laugh at the same time.
have a good day fav<3
don't die wondering what if.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Welcome to my house party........
just found out what?
We all are parts of the same puzzle! Thanks YaYsmile :)
Hahah - I saw it. The only thing that was missing - "WESLLEYYYYYYYYY!!!"
So does winning a gold medal for a design presentation make me a "real" ux designer now?
But all I can do now if leave it in Gods hands and have faith that he will help us get threw this
how u feeling?!?
Feeling a really real connection to Aaliyah right now
Well played Indiana, well played.
Who has good info to share about performance support tools for mobile delivery?
I just can't. get. enough. coffee.
As my schedule gets finalized for the week, I'll email you and
Oh yeah RT : RT if you<U+2019>re going to see #Avengers again this weekend!
Which is further from downtown Detroit: Ypsilanti or Troy?
#citytalk Agreed US Public Housing was good until we stopped maintaining it in the 50's. Please were scared to throw litter.
I can't wait for another holiday do then I have an excuse to tweet to and wait, I just did! Hah love you guys <3
What is a child worth? As much or as little as child believes.
Make your face look like a different face.
math & spanish trimesters tomorroww #soeasyy (y)
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
Oh the media! The PAtriot Way is still intact but thanks for making it super strong!
Thanks, Mary Jane ;)
I'm so tired... so I'm gonna sleep:) I shall dream of my lover penises tonight:) LOL
Terminator 3, dry firing the 9mm and slamming wine. Happy new years eve!
Shouldn't have listened to them
Hey is it true you own the last air-cooled 993?
This is also my favorite of theirs, and I saw at least half performed live many moons ago, great memory.
Leading worship at the #worshipcircle this Saturday at Eastern Hills Baptist Church in Garland at 7:30 PM. Boom chika boom.
hmm, from the looks of my speed, maybe one before tomorrow and maybe five within the end of April haha
$14 in ATM fees huh? I'm sorry u dont have banks in SF but dont charge me for it. Im sorry this isn't working, it's you not me
1 Game left in Valley play and we could have 6 teams tied for 3rd at 9-9 - or 6 teams tied for 8th depending on your viewpoint
have you met yet?
so youre in the semifinals now?
.. but anyways .. off the #soapbox and back to work .. hope you all have a Magnificent (mon)DAY !!! :-)
any idea what Kubiak's is, if he has one?
"If you want something done, give it to someone busy"
Right? At least 12 doesn't chime across as an arrogant prick.
I think I go to bars too often...
The touchdown lead is the worst lead to have in hockey.
For all the musician's following me, check out AudioTools.com. It's a free cloud based digital audio workstation (DAW). Pretty sweet.
Congrats on 45 years of bookselling ! Check 'em out for anniversary discounts, a cool trivia contest and great books!
Might we ask why you feel this way?
Any chance you wore a Princess Leia slave costume at some point during the tour? Bc we'd all pick that.
A hoe gets taken home to meet the bed ... But a real woman gets taken home to meet mom.
#Dolphins take QB Ryan Tannehill with the 8th overall pick in the
Vegau Inc. Launches New Internet Marketing Website - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Finals Tomorrow <<<<<
where are your pretty friends? Got any for ?
So fun take a picture and share with us RT : that's an awesome deal. I know where I'm going for lunch. #burritos ...
Gotta stay up..
LOCAL honey can relieve sinus problems due to allergy. Even better, if you know which plants allergic to, get that honey. Wildflower is good
Polo i got horse power
Afta I get done watchin LaLa imma watch Nightmare On Elm Street 2 and wait for my baby ta get home :}
We're gonna rock our purple while we volunteer at State Fair today!! Can't wait to see my second fam!
Looks like its back now. Havent tested but will on Wed and respond.
I can probably do the same. If we edit it to cut scenes, people might think that we didn't one take it either. I can do it though.
It's Candice's birthday?! Well happy birthday I love you! #TeamVampireBarbie :)
he's moving to Miami!
Rain has finally ended in SE WI. Here's a look at rain totals. A cool, but dry weekend ahead
Morning twitter <U+0001F60D>
It's nice to see Manny keeping the ball down. I feel bad for Lucroy, though.
Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr.'s first stolen base was a steal of home just like Mr. Bryce Harper #orioles #nationals 5/31/82
haha yeah? lol i watch Arthur every single morning.
Happy Monday everyone!! Have an excellent week
good thing ibaka isnt as dangerous
ROCK! ROLL & AxeOff U.S. Friggin A! www.AxeOffUSA.com
And now there are at least two pigeons in that person's room...!! Holy sh*t.
Bought my tickets for ! Two days AND for $25! Duh.
Guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all.
RT I swear i miss the old days !
MLS All-stars will play Chelsea this summer.
now i'm sucked in to browsing all sorts of excellent discussions like "Why do most public toilet doors open inwards?" Great site.
admiralty law, common law and the sovereign
Playing Words With Friends. Almost tried to play "OPACY" as a word. #Orioles #openingdayyet?
Shit ain't funny. You ain't gotta love me
We are making progress!!!!
being a Os fan means fantasy baseball! Let's get your top 5 at each position fantasy wise
Up late workin on #NFG designs for warped tour & listening to #transplants. Some of my friends sell records, Some of my friends sell drugs.
So much to do laying the groundwork for a new high tech green energy product. A strong management team is critical to success.
Good morning #Indy! Here's to a frighteningly fun Halloween for you and (on a side note!) a BIG thanks to our 102 followers!
sent that song we did
guess what song we listened to in language arts ?! #Callmemaybe made me think of you teehee
Somewhere we went wrong.. we were once so strong.. our love is like a song.
Unfortunately it got worse today.... Stay tuned. Bed came. But........
I wanna do a music collective mtng where we all bring in recordings we made in a 24 hour span.
I'd imagine. Sounds like you're busy, but in a good way!
Think you have style? DM us if you do and you could be featured in the next
I woke up on the right side of bed today
being concern about starving citizens of our nation is "DC?" you're harsh man. Only god forgives.
Working on 2010 taxes. I kind of like it. Is that so wrong?
For a split-second I considered using Comic Sans. That was scary.
as I hate people who hate blacks discriminate completely! :(
Winfred Williams - Outstanding Contribution to reggae
D-wade is a bad mother fucker
<U+201C>: I would if I had enough hair to let down! Lol<U+201D> Ditto!
Yes, the day has come. This old man needs glasses...
Knol but when you go to you tube you can gett JUICED UP an have you own party with Meech Dogg Juiced UP.
Smoke is now smoking'. Looking for good #NASCAR finishes for #14 and #11 tonight in
Home sweet home . . .
hanging out in HUB 302 at the gov & np fair...hope to see you there!
pants are recommended > RT : can't wait for NYE ! I hope everyone has their party pants on :)
stranded at school in the rain during a LAX game
he's definitely not as manly as U R Homie!
Hey guys we're going to have a show on Tuesday at Arlene's grocery on the lower east side at eight hope u guys can make it. #Riley <U+0001F60F>
"the strep" is really bad today. You're totally missing out.
What's good on this beautiful Friday?
I got a full dose of mindless entertainment! Baskeball wives or just VHI period! Don't judge me!
HAHAHAHAHA YOU DID IT! :)
Patio party at CopperTop good food, drinks,people and dj cyn its beautiful out come by after u
Happy Monday!
Day 2 of living/eating Primal!... Feeling good!
if u ever even act like u want kids u will understand. I'll b there for ur mental breakdown
Very True! RT : Listening 2 Bill Bratton Americas top cop "leadership is lonely if your not a good leader"
I've already played it to my mom...#TurnToYou brings me to tears..I'm so proud of you justin we've come on a long journey<333
*crush walks towards me* *I move over* *he walks passed me* ME: WHY DID I MOVE WHY DID I MOVEE. fml.
RT : Do you know any good DC based Java/JSP programmers avail right away? Please send them my way. GSA a bonus. Thank you tweeps
If I had written the Screen play for Romeo and Juliet I might have a problem with Hunger Games. Just a bad Copy of content.
Mike supports the Children's expansion plan which will bring the number of beds from 250 to 600
I'm done with the Drudge Report. Deleting the bookmark.
beat it!
True fact: I shot a rifle for the first time over the weekend. Hit within a few inches of the bullseye 5 out of 6 times at 25 yds. Fun!
Jesus battled satan with the words of his father in scripture, whose words are we battling with?
cool , hey follow me girl.
What is most disturbing? A) Twins' rotation B) Plouffe's hair C) Doumit's stache D) Butera on roster E) All of the above
Is there a social stigma associated with being a "media whore" as a scientist trying to simply communicate their work?
Anchorage it is official...we have sunshine! Let spring begin and please, please for the sake of our eyes wash your cars and trucks!
Good luck in your search. The DTWatch was most entertaining. :)
come on defense. get that ball out of there.
Great game ADS!!! Bring on the Heat!!
i honestly dont like the timeline on facebook
What are you most excited about at this year's Kihncert??
SURF REPORT: 04/06/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft thigh to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 59-61<U+00B0>F
turn on the AC cheapskate.
good tape. cant wait for the next one
So happy about/can't wait to meet baby Lewis!!!! , we're aunts and uncles!
Move something!
There are blessings happening in your life that you don't even know about yet!
fuckkk I know. -.-
ohh sidewalk and iPhone, the original Romeo and Juliette.... I assume the masons will be out to repair the sidewalk soon?
Yes it was! Love u 2! RT <U+201C>: My presentation was wonderful....thanks to for coming support me.....love u<U+201D>
I want to finally watch all the Harry potter movies. :c
No matter what I do, I'll always love you.
ok! 1... 2... 3! *tackles him* :D oh yeah he did and it was great. Sucks that I won't be at tomorrow's game (blame my mom)
Does anyone show more emotion after a big strike out than Cervelli? Nobody can say the guy isn't into the game.
I wanna go to the Round Rock Express game just to see if Im lucky enough to meet
all night err night? ;)
but the book is so terrible!!!!
Don't hate Saber..;) P.S. Where the heck have you been?!
Read this great book last week w/ 1st graders, and talked what would be like not to have access to books.
- where you at ?
Its all good Troy Murphy's in the game
<U+201C>: Chemistry jokes are sodium funny .<U+201D>
wth. <U+E40B> somebody help that poor kid.
2012 is the year of the Marina on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. Mark my words.
Happy Tuesday everyone
thanks I will check it out.
NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!
Lost all respect for Roger Goodell today. Attacking the best organization in football for PLAYING FOOTBALL.
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
anyone else as obsessed with the scene in Step Brothers were they sing "Sweet Child of Mine" in the car... i laugh soo much at that part :)
The 30-year-old graded stakes-winning son of Bailjumper was euthanized due to the infirmities of old age....
What's a little DUI on the way to gobble fries with a "friend"? And that playful punch? Total misunderstanding!!
